Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy4x78mrxk3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: NHS doctor suspended over alleged antisemitic social media posts 15 minutes ago Share Save Joe McFadden Health reporter Share Save PA Media An NHS resident doctor has been suspended by a medical tribunal for 15 months after posting alleged antisemitic comments on social media. The Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service (MPTS) said Dr Aladwan's posts "may impact on patient confidence" in both her and the profession, while patients could be "discouraged" from seeking treatment from her. She is currently the subject of a fitness to practise investigation by the General Medical Council (GMC), an independent body that regulates doctors, physician associates and anaesthesia associates to protect patient safety. The tribunal heard that Dr Aladwan's alleged posts on X included antisemitic conspiracy theories as well as posts that "demonise, or express and encourage hatred towards Jews in general, their history and their way of life". On 3 October 2025, a decision was made to refer Dr Aladwan's case to an IOT hearing again after the GMC alleged an "escalation in the tone of Dr Aladwan's social media posts" following the September ruling and the Manchester synagogue attack in early October.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/26/trump-yanks-g20-invitation-from-south-africa-over-false-genocide-claims?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump has taken to social media to announce that South Africa will not be allowed to attend next year’s Group of 20 (G20) intergovernmental forum in Miami, Florida. “We are going to stop all payments and subsidies to them, effective immediately.” The message on Truth Social was the latest escalation in Trump’s ongoing feud with South Africa, a country he has accused of “shocking disregard” for the rights of white Afrikaners. “The South African Government refuses to acknowledge or address the horrific Human Right [sic] Abuses endured by Afrikaners, and other descendants of Dutch, French, and German settlers,” Trump wrote on Wednesday. Perhaps, worst of all, the soon to be out of business New York Times and the Fake News Media won’t issue a word against this genocide.” Passing the gavel Trump’s latest comments come after an awkward diplomatic incident over the weekend, one that highlighted the increasingly fractious nature of US-South African relations. Government Official will attend as long as these Human Rights abuses continue.” The G20 has traditionally been a meeting ground for leaders from the European Union, the African Union and other major world economies to discuss technology, environmental initiatives and shared financial growth. Traditionally, the host of the G20 summit closes the meeting by banging a gavel and then passing the little wooden hammer to officials from the next country to hold the meeting. Trump confirmed reports on Wednesday that he had offered to send a member of the US Embassy to accept the gavel, but that the offer had been rejected by Ramaphosa’s administration as a slight. “Therefore, at my direction, South Africa will NOT be receiving an invitation to the 2026 G20.” Heightened tensions Ramaphosa largely avoided addressing the US absence during the G20 conference, instead highlighting his push for global unity and efforts to combat inequality. Above all, we have affirmed that our shared goals outweigh our differences.” Advertisement The increasingly hostile relations between South Africa and the US began early in Trump’s second term as president. On February 7, Trump issued an executive action denouncing South Africa for alleged human rights abuses against white Afrikaners and saying that all aid and assistance to the country would stop.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-11-26/swalwell-suit-alleges-abuse-of-power-in-trump-officials-mortgage-probes
Article: “Pulte has abused his position by scouring databases at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — two government-sponsored enterprises — for the private mortgage records of several prominent Democrats,” attorneys for Swalwell wrote in a federal lawsuit filed in Washington, D.C. “He then used those records to concoct fanciful allegations of mortgage fraud, which he referred to the Department of Justice for prosecution.” They said Pulte launched his attack on Swalwell at a particularly inopportune time, just as Swalwell was launching his campaign for California governor. Advertisement Pulte’s attack, Swalwell’s attorneys wrote, “was not only a gross mischaracterization of reality” but “a gross abuse of power that violated the law,” infringing on Swalwell’s free speech rights to criticize the president without fear of reprisal, and violating the Privacy Act of 1974, which they said bars federal officials from “leveraging their access to citizens’ private information as a tool for harming their political opponents.” Pulte, the FHFA and the White House did not immediately respond to requests for comment Wednesday. James was criminally charged by an inexperienced, loyalist federal prosecutor specially appointed by Trump in Virginia, though a judge has since thrown out that case on the grounds that the prosecutor, Lindsey Halligan, was illegally appointed. Advertisement Cook’s attorneys slammed Pulte in a letter to the Justice Department, writing that his “decision to use the FHFA to selectively — and publicly — investigate and target the President’s designated political enemies gives rise to the unmistakable impression that he has been improperly coordinating with the White House to manufacture flimsy predicates to launch these probes.” Schiff also has lambasted Trump and Pulte for their targeting of him and other Democrats, and cheered the tossing of the cases against James and Comey, calling it “a triumph of the rule of law.” In recent days, federal prosecutors in Maryland — where Schiff’s case is being investigated — have also started asking questions about the actions of Pulte and other Trump officials, according to Christine Bish, a Sacramento-area real estate agent and Republican congressional candidate who was summoned to Maryland to answer questions in the matter last week. Bish has been investigating Schiff’s mortgage records since 2020, and had repeatedly submitted documents about Schiff to the federal government — first to the Office of Congressional Ethics, then earlier this year to an FHFA tip line and to the FBI, she told The Times. When Trump subsequently posted one of Schiff’s mortgage documents to his Truth Social platform, Bish said she believed it was one she had submitted to the FHFA and FBI, because it was highlighted exactly as she had highlighted it. There, she was interviewed again, for about an hour, by the same official from the inspector general’s office and another FBI agent, she said — and was surprised their questions seemed more focused on her communications with people in the federal government than on Schiff. However, Schiff’s attorney has previously told Justice Department officials that there was “ample basis” for them to launch an investigation into Pulte and his campaign targeting Trump’s opponents, calling it a “highly irregular” and “sordid” effort. Robert Garcia (D-Long Beach) — the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee — wrote a letter to Pulte denouncing his probes as politically motivated, questioning Allen’s dismissal and demanding documentation from Pulte, including any communications he has had with the White House. Advertisement They accused Pulte of orchestrating a coordinated effort to spread the allegations against Swalwell via a vast network of conservative influencers, which they said had “harmed [Swalwell’s] reputation at a critical juncture in his career: the very moment when he had planned to announce his campaign for Governor of California.” They said the “widespread publication of information about the home where his wife and young children reside” had also “exposed him to heightened security risks and caused him significant anguish and distress.” Swalwell said in a statement that Pulte has “combed through private records of political opponents” to “silence them,” which shouldn’t be allowed.

Link: https://abc13.com/friendsgiving-thanksgiving-2018-ideas/2659019/
Article: If you can't make it home for the holidays or you just want an extra night to celebrate the spirit of the season with your BFFs, think about inviting your pals over for a Friendsgiving night of food and holiday festivities. As you set off to plan your first Friendsgiving, these easy tips will help you make it a night to remember: Know your audience You've eaten alongside your family for your entire life, so you probably have a pretty good idea of who likes what and which dishes won't get touched come mealtime. Go the pre-made route If you and your friends all struggle in the kitchen, have guests pitch in cash in advance and order your dishes ahead of time from a restaurant or delivery service.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/at-the-gentle-barn-turkeys-are-for-snuggling-not-stuffing-at-thanksgiving
Article: (AP) — At the start of a busy holiday week filled with hours of travel, Jordan Gullotta went to a place that has given her comfort and a sense of peace. This time of year, turkeys might be getting all the attention at the dining room table, but The Gentle Barn founder Ellie Laks said the birds can make great cuddle buddies. “So at The Gentle Barn, we think, ‘Why not turkeys?’” Laks said the idea to include turkeys in therapy sessions with people came to her years ago when a particularly chatty bird was following her around the farm while she was doing chores. … We think, ‘Why not turkeys?’” When she sat down at eye level with the big, feathered bird and encouraged the hen to come into her arms, she found that was what the turkey wanted. The 60 animals at the Tennessee farm have all been rescued from poor living conditions or abuse, and several have injuries or are at an age that require special care. “We rehabilitate them, give them sanctuary, and then when they’re ready, we partner with them to heal people with the same stories of trauma and connect people to the love and magic of animals,” Laks said. Gullotta, who is studying animal science at Middle Tennessee State University nearby, said she had been to the Tennessee farm before to meet the cows, which are her favorite animal there, but a turkey cuddling session wasn’t on her list of things to try at first. The turkey therapy programs go on all year long, but The Gentle Barn, which also has a location in California, is also offering a holiday session on Thanksgiving where people can feed and pet turkeys as an alternative way to celebrate.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/great-lakes-region-preparing-bad-weather-lake-effect-127912684
Article: Cold air is sweeping across the Great Lakes region, bringing lake-effect snow from Michigan's Upper Peninsula to Western New York FILE - A stadium worker clears snow from seats before an NFL wild-card playoff football game between the Buffalo Bills and the Pittsburgh Steelers, Jan. Barnes, File) DETROIT -- It's that time of year — again — when cold air sweeps across the Great Lakes region, dropping huge amounts of lake-effect snow from Michigan's Upper Peninsula into Western New York. That's where they are looking at the big snowfall." The western part of Michigan's Upper Peninsula also is under a blizzard warning with heavy snow and strong winds, Considine said, adding that the northern Upper Peninsula could see accumulations of a foot to three feet (0.3 to 0.9 meters) of snow with most of that lake-effect. However, Grand Rapids, Michigan, which is just east of Lake Michigan, could see 2 to 5 inches (5 to 12 centimeters) inches of snow, while nearby Kalamazoo may get 4 to 8 inches (10 to 20 centimeters). A foot to 18-inches (30 to 46 centimeters) of snow is forecast south of Buffalo, while 6 to 10 inches (15 to 25 centimeters) could fall near Watertown, New York, Considine said. The wintry storms were the worst in New York since at least November 2014, when some communities south of Buffalo were hit with 7 feet (2.1 meters) of snow over the course of three days, collapsing roofs and trapping drivers on a stretch of the New York State Thruway.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/higher-fees-foreigners-visiting-us-national-parks-stokes-127912683
Article: A $100-per-person charge for foreigners entering Yellowstone, Grand Canyon and other popular national parks is stoking apprehension among some tourist-oriented businesses By MATTHEW BROWN Associated Press and MATTHEW DALY Associated Press FILE - Tourists walk along a boardwalk in Upper Geyser Basin on June 22, 2022, in Yellowstone National Park, Wyo. -- A $100-per-person charge for foreigners entering Yellowstone, Grand Canyon and other popular national parks is stoking apprehension among some tourist-oriented businesses that it could discourage travelers, but supporters say the change will generate money for cash-strapped parks. Adding the $100-per-person charge for foreigners, Howser said, “is a sure-fire way of discouraging people from visiting Glacier.” “It's going to hurt local businesses that cater to foreign travelers, like myself,” he said. “You're discouraging them from seeing something in the country by attaching a fee to that experience.” A Yellowstone tour operator, Bryan Batchelder with Let’s Go Adventure Tours and Transportation, said the charge represents “a pretty big hike” for the roughly 30% of his clientele that are foreigners. For Yellowstone park alone, the $100 charge could generate $55 million annually to help fix deteriorating trails and aging bridges, said Brian Yablonski with the Property and Environment Research Center, a free market research group based in Bozeman, Montana. “For international visitors, this is kind of a no-brainer, common sense approach.” Many other countries charge international visitors an extra fee to visit public sites, said Melissa Weddell, director of the University of Montana's Institute for Tourism and Recreation Research. “In a year where national park staff have already been cut by nearly 25%, we worry this will be yet another burden for already overworked employees,″ said Emily Thompson, executive director of the Coalition to Protect America’s National Parks. Gerry Seavo James, deputy campaign director for Sierra Club’s Outdoors for All campaign, said Trump and his administration have worked for nearly a year to undermine the park service, slashing its budget and firing thousands of staff. “Without that support, we run the risk of our true common grounds becoming nothing more than playgrounds for the super-rich." Interior Department spokesperson Elizabeth Peace said the agency previously did not collect data on international visitors but will start doing so in January. “President Trump and Secretary Burgum are putting Americans first by asking foreign visitors to pay their fair share while holding entrance fees steady for the American people," Zinke and Moore said in a statement Wednesday.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/26/psv-trounce-liverpool-as-arsenal-topple-bayern-while-psg-and-real-also-win?traffic_source=rss
Article: What might have been deemed a wobble appears to be a full-blown crisis for Arne Slot at Liverpool, with the beleaguered English champions getting thrashed for the third straight game on Wednesday. Slot is under increasing pressure — an inconceivable scenario, given Liverpool cruised to the Premier League title a matter of months ago — and defensive mistakes again led to his team’s downfall against PSV. Dominik Szoboszlai equalised 10 minutes later, but after Guus Til regained the lead for PSV, Liverpool centre back Ibrahima Konate — a target for criticism from fans and pundits alike in recent months — missed the ball completely to let the visitors in on goal again. Arsenal topple Bayern to lead UCL league phase Arsenal beat Bayern Munich for the first time in a decade to maintain their 100 percent record in this season’s Champions League with a 3-1 victory, sending them top of the group. With Inter Milan dropping points, Arsenal are now the only team in the competition with a maximum 15 points and look all but assured of a place in the last 16. Six points clear at the top of the Premier League and Bundesliga respectively and boasting flawless records after four games in the Champions League, Arsenal and Bayern Munich have been Europe’s stand-out teams this season. The sides met in the quarterfinals two years ago with Bayern coming out on top, but Arsenal have moved to another level since that clash and went into Wednesday’s game on a 15-match unbeaten run in all competitions. Bayern, backed by a vociferous travelling army, looked confident early on but were stunned in the 22nd minute when Arsenal scored the kind of devastatingly simple goal that has become their trademark. After a long passing sequence, Joshua Kimmich’s raking pass found Michael Olise, whose volleyed pass across the face of goal was met by 17-year-old Karl, who became the first player to score against Arsenal in the Champions League this season. While Kane was largely peripheral, Karl was impressive and should probably have scored again early in the second half when he burst into the area but shot straight at goalkeeper David Raya. Mikel Merino went close when he nodded a header down and just wide from a Declan Rice corner, Cristhian Mosquera was denied by Neuer and the keeper then saved from Rice after the midfielder’s marauding run. Advertisement Bayern’s defence was creaking, though and Arsenal’s pressure paid off in the 69th minute when Riccardo Calafiori fired in a cross from the left that fellow substitute Madueke turned in for his first goal for the club. Neuer then had a moment to forget when he charged out of his goal eight minutes later, trying to cut out Eberechi Eze’s pass, but got nowhere near the ball, and Martinelli was left with the simple task of shooting into an empty net. Mbappe scores all four as Real Madrid avoid Olympiakos scare Real Madrid striker Kylian Mbappe scored four goals, including the second-fastest hat-trick in Champions League history in just eight minutes, to earn a 4-3 comeback victory over hosts Olympiakos. He then headed in an Arda Guler cross two minutes later, and before the Greeks had time to recover from the double strike, the France forward completed his hat-trick with another fine finish. The Spaniards hit the woodwork through Aurelien Tchouameni in a strong first half, but the hosts cut the deficit seven minutes after the restart through Mehdi Taremi’s close-range header before Mbappe’s tap-in from yet another Vinicius Jr assist briefly restored order. Olympiacos scored again with Ayoub El Kaabi’s 81st-minute header, but despite intense late pressure, they could not find another goal as Real snapped their three-game winless run in all competitions. Real climbed to fifth place on 12 points from five games in the league phase table, with the top eight earning automatic qualification for the knockout stage and with three matchdays remaining. UCL holders PSG made to work by Tottenham Holders Paris St Germain showed a never-say-die attitude as they twice came from behind to beat Tottenham Hotspur 5-3 in the Champions League, with two moments of brilliance from Vitinha steering Luis Enrique’s side to victory. PSG looked fragile at the back, conceding twice from defensive lapses and showing some of the same issues that contributed to their 2-1 defeat by Bayern Munich in the previous round, but they responded with greater control and efficiency to turn the match around at the Parc des Princes. Vitinha bagged a hat-trick with two fine strikes and a penalty, while Pacho and Fabian Ruiz also scored for PSG, who were made to work after Tottenham twice led through Richarlison and Randal Kolo Muani, the France forward finishing with a double. After four victories in five games, PSG, who finished with 10 men after Lucas Hernandez was sent off in stoppage time, are second in the league phase standings, on course for direct qualification to the last 16, while Tottenham are 16th on eight points.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/judges-allow-north-carolina-to-use-a-map-drawn-in-bid-to-give-republicans-another-u-s-house-seat
Article: (AP) — A federal three-judge panel on Wednesday allowed North Carolina to use a redrawn congressional map aimed at flipping a seat to Republicans as part of President Donald Trump’s multistate redistricting campaign ahead of the 2026 elections. North Carolina is one of several states this year in which Trump has broken with more than a century of political tradition in directing the GOP to redraw maps in the middle of the decade — without courts requiring it — to avoid losing control of Congress in next year’s midterms. In a statement, North Carolina Republican Senate leader Phil Berger said the decision “thwarts the radical left’s latest attempt to circumvent the will of the people” in a state that voted for Trump in 2016, 2020 and 2024. “As Democrat-run states like California do everything in their power to undermine President Trump’s administration and agenda, North Carolina Republicans went to work to protect the America First Agenda,” Berger said. They say Republican lawmakers unconstitutionally targeted North Carolina’s “Black Belt” instead of Democratic-voting areas with higher white populations because in 2024 they organized and voted for their preferred candidates and had sued over the 2023 configuration of the district. In the second lawsuit, filed by voters, the case for a preliminary injunction rested in part on an argument that the use of five-year-old Census data due to the mid-decade redrawing of districts violates the Constitution, including the 14th Amendment’s one-person, one-vote guarantee. Attorneys for the Republican lawmakers defending the districts wrote that the objectives in redrawing the map were political and allowable, not racial, and were part of a “nationwide partisan redistricting arms race.” They rejected assertions about the years-old Census data and retaliation over activities protected by the First Amendment, saying they don’t align with Supreme Court precedent. READ MORE: Why Trump’s plan to help GOP keep control of the House could backfire Republicans now hold 10 of the state’s 14 House seats — thanks to the 2023 map — and they hope to flip an 11th under the latest redistricting changes to the 1st District and the adjoining 3rd District. The litigation challenging the October changes to the map said that the boundaries approved by Republicans would result in the Black voting-age population in the 1st District falling from 40% in the 2023 map to 32%. Many of the same plaintiffs challenging the newly altered 1st District sued earlier over the House map enacted in 2023, alleging that Republicans unlawfully fractured and packed Black voters to weaken their voting power. But the judges — all nominated by GOP presidents — recently dismissed the claims against five other congressional districts and three legislative districts, writing that those who sued failed to prove legislators drew the maps “with the discriminatory purpose of minimizing or canceling out the voting potential of Black North Carolinians.” Mattise reported from Nashville, Tennessee.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/4-responders-arrested-alleged-hazing-19-year-firefighter/story?id=127905329
Article: Marion County Fire Chief James Banta said he was "in shock and disgusted." Four fire and rescue employees have been arrested in connection with the alleged "violent" hazing of a firefighter at a Florida fire station, authorities said Wednesday. The alleged hazing began with "grease being smeared on the victim" and escalated from there to the firefighter allegedly being beaten with a belt with his underwear pulled down and waterboarded, according to Marion County Sheriff Billy Woods. "In my 30 years as a firefighter, this is the most egregious thing that I've seen been reported to me," Marion County Fire Chief James Banta said during a press briefing on Wednesday, adding that he was "in shock and disgusted." Marion County Fire Chief James Banta speaks during a press briefing on Nov. Marion County Sheriff's Office Three Marion County Fire Rescue employees -- Edward Kenny III, 22, an EMT; Seth Day, 22, a firefighter/EMT; and Tate Trauthwein, 19 a firefighter/EMT -- have been arrested for kidnapping, robbery and battery, authorities said. Marion County Fire Rescue The alleged hazing escalated after the suspects tried to get the firefighter's cellphone password after they learned he had a viral TikTok video, according to the arrest affidavit. The alleged victim told authorities that Trauthwein asked him about his large Instagram following, which he attributed to a TikTok video on a dancing trend that he said was "embarrassing" and he had since deleted and no longer had, according to the affidavit. Trauthwein is accused of then throwing the firefighter's work boots into the woods nearby, and when the firefighter went to retrieve them, he was allegedly grabbed from behind and held down by Kenny and Day, according to the affidavit. The victim no longer thought they were playing around." Trauthwein is accused of taking the firefighter's cellphone and handing it to Bradley, then whipping him with the belt, according to the affidavit. Marion County Sheriff's Office The firefighter said he tried to get away but was allegedly held down by Kenny and Day while Trauthwein put a towel over his face, according to the affidavit. "Their behavior does not reflect who we are and what we stand for." The alleged victim is a 19-year-old firefighter who had been working for the department for about five months at the time of the incident, authorities said. In addition to the criminal case, Marion County Fire Rescue is reviewing a sheriff's office investigation to determine if any administrative actions are necessary for others who were aware of or present during the incident, Banta said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/26/canada-announces-new-support-for-lumber-steel-industries-hit-by-tariffs?traffic_source=rss
Article: Canada will offer more support to help the steel and lumber industries deal with United States tariffs and create a domestic market, as well as ramp up protections for steel and lumber workers. Ottawa will reduce the quota for steel imports from countries that do not have a free trade agreement with Canada to 20 percent from 50 percent of 2024 levels, Carney said. In July, Ottawa set a quota of steel imports at 50 percent of the 2024 level from non-FTA countries in a bid to stop the dumping of foreign steel into Canada. Trump tensions Trump cut off trade talks with Canada last month after the Ontario provincial government ran television advertisements in US markets that criticised Trump’s tariffs by citing a speech by former US President Ronald Reagan.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/czrk3yy4r0no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It was also line-up that suggested Frank may have had one eye on Saturday night's key home game against Fulham, with Mohammed Kudus, Joao Palhinha, Destiny Udogie, Wilson Odobert and Xavi Simons left out. Spurs, however were none the worse for that until they were submerged under PSG's quality, Frank's selection tireless out of possession using a man-for-man strategy which Luis Enrique's side initially struggled to combat, getting up the pitch in a manner that seemed alien to them at Arsenal. The performance was to get something out of the game but then you need to have the margins with you, but we can't concede some of the goals we did." Spurs looked like taking a deserved 1-0 lead into the interval, only to switch off after a set-piece, allowing the brilliant Vitinha to equalise. It happened again when Pape Matar Sarr, with the score 2-2, carelessly ceded possession just before the hour, the mistake ending with Fabian Ruiz putting PSG ahead for the first time. Vitinha, a stellar performer in PSG's Champions League win, was the decisive performer with two stunning strikes to snuff out the Spurs lead, one with his right foot another with his left. He will be the next Ballon d'Or winner." PSG simply proved too good in the end, but Spurs also went some way to answering justified criticism about a lack of threat, with Richarlison and Kolo Muani providing three goals between them. It was a good night for Kolo Muani, who has seen his attempt to make an impact at Spurs held back by a dead leg and a broken jaw, restricting him to just four starts and 345 minutes of action before this game. "Unlike at the weekend Frank can put his finger on things that went wrong rather than scratching his head and thinking he didn't recognise his team." The scenery now shifts to the vital home game against Fulham - where Frank must again convince his detractors he has foundations to build on.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/dominican-republic-grants-u-s-access-to-restricted-areas-for-its-fight-against-drug-trafficking
Article: can refuel aircraft and transport equipment and technical personnel at restricted areas within the San Isidro Air Base and Las Américas International Airport, said Abinader, who made the announcement with U.S. Meanwhile, Abinader said the scope of the agreement is “technical, limited, and temporary.” “The purpose is clear: to strengthen the air and maritime protection ring maintained by our Armed Forces, a decisive reinforcement to prevent the entry of narcotics and to strike a more decisive blow against transnational organized crime,” he said. After a news conference where no questions were allowed, the office of the president issued a statement with more details, noting that several KC-135 tanker aircraft would be present to support air patrol missions, expanding monitoring and interdiction capabilities over a large portion of the maritime and air domains. Abinader noted that the Dominican Republic has seized nearly 10 times more drugs per year in the past five years than in the previous decade thanks to close collaboration with the U.S. “That threat is drug trafficking, and no country can or should confront it without allies.” Hegseth praised Abinader, saying that the Dominican Republic “understands the importance of standing up to narco-terrorists and narco-traffickers who flood our countries with drugs and violence.” “We’re deadly serious about this mission,” Hegseth said, asserting that the U.S. “We know…where they’re leaving from, where they’re going, what they’re bringing, what their intentions are, who they represent.” Some experts believe the ongoing strikes are a tactic to try and pressure Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro to step down given that the U.S. “We are not about to launch any campaign against Venezuela.” She said that Trinidad has not been asked to be a base for any attack against Venezuela, and that Venezuela was not mentioned in conversations with the U.S. Grenadian Prime Minister Dickon Mitchell told Parliament earlier this month that any decision possibly allowing the Trump administration to install a temporary radar at the island’s international airport “will not be a secret, nor will it be one that violates domestic or international laws.” No public announcement has been made since then.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Food/campbells-defends-soup-calls-executives-alleged-remarks-ingredients/story?id=127841146
Article: Campbell's has fired an executive who was allegedly caught on tape calling the soup company's products "highly process[ed] food" for "poor people," and that the chicken in it is "bioengineered meat." After a review of the recording, Campbell's confirmed in a statement Wednesday that the company believes the voice in question belongs to Martin Bally, a vice president, who as of Tuesday no longer works at the company. A lawsuit filed Thursday in Wayne County, Michigan, against Campbell's, obtained by ABC News, highlights a conversation between Bally and former cyber security analyst Robert Garza who recorded the discussion. Martin Bally/LinkedIn In a phone interview with ABC News, Campbell's emphasized the alleged comments made about their food is "false and completely inaccurate." Garza claims in the suit that Bally made the comments after the pair met in a restaurant to discuss his salary in 2024. He also claims in the suit that he wanted to go to the company's human resources department to report Bally's behavior, but instead of an investigation Garza says he was fired weeks later. Mark Lennihan/AP, FILE A spokesperson for Campbell's told ABC News in an emailed statement that Garza was terminated for good reason and was with the company for less than 5 months. the comments made about our food are completely inaccurate and absurd." Campbell's said the "no antibiotics," "100% real" chicken meat used in its soups "comes from long-trusted, USDA approved U.S. suppliers" and meets their "high-quality standards." The company said it "has not been able to verify the validity of the recording and has not been provided with a copy either." A representative for Bally did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/guinea-bissau-soldiers-say-they-have-seized-power-days-after-national-elections
Article: BISSAU, Guinea-Bissau (AP) — Soldiers in Guinea-Bissau appeared on state television Wednesday saying they have seized power in the country, following reports of gunshots near the presidential palace, three days after national elections. WATCH: Why West African nations are seeing a spate of military coups “The High Military Command for the re-establishment of national and public order decides to immediately depose the president of the republic, to suspend, until new orders, all of the institutions of the republic of Guinea-Bissau,” spokesperson Dinis N’Tchama said in a statement. He said they acted in response to the “discovery of an ongoing plan” that he said aimed to destabilize the country by attempting to “manipulate electoral results.” The “scheme was set up by some national politicians with the participation of a well-known drug lord, and domestic and foreign nationals,” N’Tchama asserted, and gave no details. Soldiers arrested Embaló’s rival Fernando Dias as well as Domingos Simões Pereira, the leader of the main opposition African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde, the party said in a statement on Facebook on Wednesday. A former prime minister, Domingos Simões Pereira was seen as Embaló’s main challenger, before he and his party were barred from the election after authorities said they failed to submit their application early. In a joint statement, the election observation missions of the African Union and of the regional bloc known as ECOWAS, denounced a “blatant attempt to disrupt the democratic process” and called for a return to the “constitutional order.” It also urged the immediate release of detained election officials. Three landlocked nations in the region, Mali, Niger and Burkina Faso, are now ruled by military leaders who have taken power by force, on the pledge of providing more security to citizens against an insurgency by armed groups. In Gabon, mutinous soldiers took power in 2023, shortly after the president was declared the winner of the election from which international observers, for the first time, had been barred.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/witnesses-recount-shooting-2-national-guard-members-white/story?id=127909520
Article: "I see two National Guard members down, and people are working on them, providing first aid." Plater filmed the frantic first response moments after the two National Guard members were shot near the White House in what officials called an apparent "targeted" attack. ABC News "It was just all here, you know, just a lot of people just running the opposite way, through the park and past me," Plater said of the scene following the sounds of gunfire. "One person said something like, you know, man, the guy went up there and started shooting at the National Guard." Stacey Walters told ABC News Live that she was traveling in an Uber at the time of the shooting. "I was looking at my cellphone and my Uber driver said, 'Why are all these people running?'" Witness Stacey Walters, left, speaks with ABC News Capitol Hill correspondent Jay O'Brien.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/epstein-alleged-victims-lawyer-sends-scathing-letter-doj/story?id=127907683
Article: When the House Oversight Committee released a trove of files and emails from the Epstein estate earlier this month, alleged victims of the convicted sex offender responded with "widespread panic" after learning the documents included dozens of unredacted victim names, a prominent attorney for Epstein victims told a federal judge this week. 19 deadline to release hundreds of thousands of Epstein files, as required by the Epstein Files Transparency Act, Edwards is calling on a federal judge to order the DOJ to improve their review policy to prevent another release of potentially sensitive information about alleged victims. These are women who were abused by Jeffrey Epstein, and in some instances by others, and who have already had their rights violated in the past by the Government," Edwards wrote in the filing to U.S. "They are human beings who have the right to be treated with dignity and respect, and to feel safe and protected by our country, which has failed them time and time again." According to Edwards, the House Oversight release included the unredacted names and personal information of dozens of victims, including women who were minors at the time of their abuse. Based on the scope of the issue, Edwards said that he believes the DOJ either "does not know the identities of all the victims of Jeffrey Epstein and thus cannot apply proper redactions to the files," or "is intentionally failing to protect victims from public exposure." "While we will detail the various excuses that the Court will no doubt be provided, this is absolutely unacceptable and a program that must be rectified prior to the public release of any additional documents," Edwards wrote. Edwards further noted that the DOJ publicly acknowledged in July that "Epstein harmed over one thousand victims." Based on that statement, Edwards asked in the filing that the court confirm with the DOJ that, prior to submitting the files to the House Oversight Committee, "it undertook the onerous and necessary task of redacting all one thousand plus victim names that it had in its possession." "On that pointed inquiry, the court will learn the DOJ's redaction process and its process efforts are so irreconcilable with the number of victims it has publicly acknowledged that, when confronted with the discrepancy, its response will land somewhere between incoherent mumbling, non sequitur, and outright misrepresentation," Edwards wrote. After months of anticipation, the House of Representatives voted 427-1 to pass a bill ordering the release of the Justice Department's files on late sex offender Jeffrey Epstein in Washington, Nov. "Despite numerous pleas for assistance, there is one singular entity that the victims cannot seem to find a way to engage and which has been the primary violator of the victims' identity protection thus far -- the Department of Justice," he wrote. The DOJ has asked judges in New York and Florida to authorize the release of grand jury transcripts and exhibits from the prosecutions of Epstein and Maxwell -- information that is typically not made public. "[T]his incredibly small, and largely irrelevant, subset of grand jury materials [seems] to serve as nothing more than DOJ's perpetual distraction from providing the American people with full transparency as it relates to Jeffrey Epstein, while protecting the victims," the filing states. 1, to provide a "detailed description" of the materials they seek to release and a "detailed description of the privacy process, including any redactions, the Government seeks to employ to protect the rights of Epstein victims." In a separate filing Wednesday, U.S. Attorney Jay Clayton said his office would "confer with counsel for known victims concerning names and terms for withholding and redactions." Clayton also clarified the breadth of the documents the Department of Justice seeks to release, including notes from witness interviews, search warrant applications, financial and travel records, grand jury subpoena returns, school records, materials from the Epstein estate, and law enforcement records.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/louisiana-death-row-inmate-released-bail-after-decades-127914437
Article: A Louisiana man who spent nearly three decades on death row is out on bail This 2017 photo provided by Mwalimu Center for Justice shows Jimmie Duncan, second from left, with family and friends at the Louisiana State Penitentiary in Angola, La. (Mwalimu Center for Justice via AP) This 2017 photo provided by Mwalimu Center for Justice shows Jimmie Duncan, second from left, with family and friends at the Louisiana State Penitentiary in Angola, La. (Mwalimu Center for Justice via AP) NEW ORLEANS -- A Louisiana man who spent nearly three decades on death row has been released on bail Wednesday after his conviction was overturned earlier this year. Jimmie Duncan had originally been convicted of first-degree murder in 1998 after prosecutors accused him of raping and drowning 23-month-old Haley Oliveaux, the daughter of his then-girlfriend Allison Layton Statham. Fourth Judicial District Court Judge Alvin Sharp threw out that conviction in April after hearing expert testimony that the forensic evidence which put Duncan behind bars was “not scientifically defensible” and that Oliveaux’s death appeared to be the result of an “accidental drowning.” Similar faulty forensic bite mark analysis has led to dozens of other wrongful convictions or charges. “The presumption is not great that he is guilty,” Sharp wrote in his order Friday granting Duncan bail, citing the new evidence presented at an evidentiary hearing last year and Duncan’s lack of prior criminal history. Louisiana Attorney General Liz Murrill, who is pushing to hasten executions of death row inmates, said that Duncan should not be released on bail while the Louisiana Supreme Court reviews his case. "Haley died because she was sick.” Statham told the court that the lives of her family and Duncan “have been destroyed by the lie” she believed prosecutors and forensic experts had concocted. Prosecutors had relied on bite mark analysis and an autopsy conducted by two experts later linked to at least 10 wrongful convictions, according to Duncan’s legal team, which described the pair as discredited “charlatans.” Mississippi-based forensic dentist Michael West and pathologist Steven Hayne examined Oliveaux’s body. The pair's testimony led two Mississippi men, Levon Brooks and Kennedy Brewer, to serve a combined three decades in prison in two separate cases for the rape and murder of young girls until DNA evidence cleared them of the crimes. Duncan’s legal team described him as a “model prisoner” who helped other death row inmates obtain their GEDs and has “strong community support for his release.” ___ Brook is a corps member for The Associated Press/Report for America Statehouse News Initiative.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/hong-kong-tower-fire-toll-rises-to-44-police-arrest-three.html
Article: Yan Zhao | Afp | Getty Images A huge fire still burning in a Hong Kong residential apartment complex that has killed at least 44 people and left almost 300 missing may have been spread by unsafe scaffolding and foam materials used during maintenance work, police said on Thursday. Working through the night, firefighters were struggling to reach the upper floors of the Wang Fuk Court housing complex due to the intense heat and thick smoke from the fire that erupted on Wednesday afternoon. The green construction mesh and bamboo scaffolding used on the buildings are a mainstay of traditional Chinese architecture, but subject to a phase-out in Hong Kong since March for safety reasons. "We have reason to believe that the company's responsible parties were grossly negligent, which led to this accident and caused the fire to spread uncontrollably, resulting in major casualties," Eileen Chung, a Hong Kong police superintendent, said. I'm just thinking about where I'm going to sleep tonight." The Philippine foreign ministry said in a statement that its consulate in Hong Kong had received unverified information that some Filipino domestic workers may be trapped inside the buildings. China's Xi urges 'all-out' effort against fire On Wednesday, frames of scaffolding were seen tumbling to the ground as firefighters battled the blaze, while scores of fire engines and ambulances lined the road below the development. Though fire hazard was not cited as a reason for the phase-out, there have been at least three fires involving bamboo scaffolding this year, according to The Association for the Rights of Industrial Accident Victims in Hong Kong.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-26/rachel-castillo-murder-desecration-zarbab-ali-guilty
Article: A Hawthorne man has been found guilty of first-degree murder after confessing to stabbing his estranged wife to death and desecrating her remains, according to the Ventura County district attorney. In November 2022, 25-year-old social worker Rachel Castillo was watching her two young sons at her Simi Valley apartment when her husband, Zarbab Ali, picked them up, left them with his parents, and returned with a knife and the intent to kill, prosecutors said. After only three hours of deliberation, the jury convicted Ali on the first-degree murder charge Friday along with use of a deadly weapon and murder by means of lying in wait, which means a sentence of life without the possibility of parole. (Ventura County D.A.) Shortly after Simi Valley police discovered Castillo’s body in a remote part of the Antelope Valley, Ali, now 28, told investigators that he had thought about killing her since their separation nine months earlier. In a recorded confession reported by KTLA, Ali described to detectives how, after returning from dropping off their 2- and 5-year-old sons, he left his trunk open and approached Castillo’s door, which he found unlocked. In early taped confessions, Ali said that he stabbed Castillo three times, a slaying that “lasted a minute.” Advertisement But in a courtroom this month, the Star reported, Ali revealed he had lied about the quick death to lessen the impact on her family. I pushed her down, and it was gory beyond belief.” With Castillo’s dead body wrapped in blankets in his trunk, Ali drove to Antelope Valley in a panic, prosecutors say. “If I didn’t commit to being a monster, then she would have died for no reason.” Castillo’s sister, who lived in the apartment with her, called authorities after returning home to find blood and that Castillo was missing.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn4dxmg7jyjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Nine ways the Budget could affect you if you're under 25 2 hours ago Share Save Archie Mitchell Business reporter Share Save Getty Images The chancellor has announced her Budget which includes a freeze to income taxthresholds, a rise in minimum wages and a so-called milkshake tax. Reeves also unveiled a new international student levy, which will see universities charged £925 per overseas student per year from August 2028, with an exemption for 220 students per year. Private renters expected to be hit The chancellor made an appeal to renters in her Budget speech, saying it is unfair that income from work is taxed more than income made by landlords. Getty Images Some online shopping to get more expensive The chancellor's decision to scrap a tax loophole on small parcels could see some online shopping get more expensive from 2029. Iced lattes and fizzy drinks to fall under sugar tax If you grab a pre-made latte with your lunch or a protein shake on the way back from the gym you could be hit by the so-called milkshake tax. The change, part of a bid to tackle childhood obesity, could mean an extra tax on popular products like Yazoo, Muller's Frijj and Starbucks Caffe Latte as well as drinks branded "high protein" like Ufit and Shaken Udder.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3r7qpqddnro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Two National Guard members in critical condition after shooting near White House 32 minutes ago Share Save Tom Bateman Washington DC Share Save Watch: How the shooting of two National Guard members unfolded Two National Guard soldiers are critically injured after being gunned down in Washington DC, less than two blocks from the White House, in what the city's mayor called a "targeted shooting". A statement from Joint Task Force DC, which is overseeing the National Guard deployments to the nation's capital, said the attack took place at around 14:15 EST (17:15 GMT) on Wednesday near the Farragut Square Metro Station. "They actually were able to intervene and to kind of hold down the suspect, after he had been shot, on the ground until law enforcement got there within moments," Carroll said. "The animal that shot the two National Guardsmen, with both being critically wounded, and now in two separate hospitals, is also severely wounded, but regardless, will pay a very steep price," he wrote on Truth Social.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czxpdrvxx4ko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The 'nice' neighbour behind Liverpool parade carnage 2 hours ago Share Save Jonny Humphries North West Share Save Handout Paul Doyle, pictured here in 2005, was described as 'friendly, chatty and competitive' by his former colleagues The day Paul Doyle ploughed his two-tonne Ford Galaxy into a dense crowd of pedestrians had started with some gardening and friendly chat with his neighbours. According to witnesses there was nothing to suggest that hours later 134 people - including babies, children and the elderly - out to watch Liverpool FC's victory parade would become victims of his "act of calculated violence". The former Royal Marine Commando turned cyber security expert is now facing many years in prison after admitting multiple counts of causing and attempting to cause grievous bodily harm with intent. Act of 'calculated violence' Footage of the incident was shared online According to Chief Crown Prosecutor Sarah Hammond, speaking after the hearing, the guilty pleas meant Doyle had "finally accepted that he intentionally drove into crowds of innocent people". This was not a momentary lapse by Paul Doyle - it was a choice he made that day and it turned celebration into mayhem." Neighbours say Doyle seemed 'genuinely nice' man CPS Paul Doyle broke down in tears as he answered guilty to all 31 charges In the quiet Croxteth cul-de-sac where Doyle moved in with his wife Alison, a local teacher, and three sons about 10 years ago, residents were mystified at how a "very good neighbour" had come to cause such carnage on 26 May. I think maybe he panicked?" One man said: "His wife had come out the next morning and one of our other neighbours asked her 'was that your car?' "She burst into tears and said 'yes', and you didn't really see her after that. "I feel sorry for them, it's not their fault and it's ruined their lives." No signs of explosive temper, say colleagues Handout Paul Doyle, pictured in 2005, was described as "a mentor" by a former colleague One former work colleague, who met Doyle when they worked for an IT firm in Merseyside around 13 years ago, described bonding with Doyle over their shared military background and told the BBC: "He was a mentor to me really. "I was new to my career, I was exploring avenues on what I wanted to do, and he was a great teacher and mentor, with a great sense of humour. "We both share military background so I think we had a shared humour." Another former colleague at a separate Liverpool company, who worked with Doyle back in 2005, described him as "very competitive". He said he travelled to Kenya with Doyle on a group excursion to trek up Mount Kilimanjaro, claiming "when he did anything he always wanted to do it the best way. "When we were up there, coming down, I think a couple of French guys started running down and he didn't want them to beat him so he ran down after them. "He barely broke a sweat." Both former colleagues said they were never aware of Doyle ever drinking heavily or using drugs, and had no sense he had the kind of explosive temper that led to the events in May. In total Doyle admitted 31 offences, including 17 of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm, nine of causing grievous bodily harm with intent, three of wounding with intent, one of dangerous driving and one of affray.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c208w378gg7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Georgia's pro-EU protesters defiant year after accession process was halted 2 hours ago Share Save Rayhan Demytrie Caucasus correspondent Share Save NurPhoto via Getty Images Hundreds of protesters turn out every night, a year after pro-European demonstrations began "I'm standing for the future of this country," says Giorgi Arabuli, who has taken part in protests on the streets of Georgia's capital Tbilisi almost every night since they began a year ago. Mass demonstrations were met with violent police crackdowns as tens of thousands of Georgians turned out, angered by Prime Minister Irakli Kobakhidze's decision on 28 November 2024 to call a four-year halt on moves towards joining the EU. We don't want to go back there." Since then Georgians have seen a "dismantling of democracy", in the words of governments across Europe, and it has prompted accusations of Russian-style rule. NurPhoto via Getty Images Protesters still try to gather on Rustaveli Avenue but police quickly clear the road The Georgian Dream government has imposed massive fines for blocking roads, slapped criminal charges on young protesters and most recently pushed through a law allowing up to 14 days' imprisonment for a first offence of blocking traffic, with repeat offenders facing up to a year in jail. Parliamentary speaker Shalva Papuashvili has accused the EU of "ideological and political dictates", telling pro-government TV this month that "today's Brussels does not want a Georgia that is like us". For them, the Georgian people and their choice mean nothing, zero." Georgian Dream, in power since 2012, won 54% of the vote in last year's disputed parliamentary elections, which monitors from Europe's OSCE security mission said were marked by several shortcomings, including intimidation, coercion and pressure on voters, especially public sector employees. They point to the ruling party's billionaire founder, Bidzina Ivanishvili, who made his fortune in Russia in the 1990s; legislation mirroring Russian laws targeting civil society; the government's refusal to impose sanctions on Moscow over Ukraine and increasingly hostile anti-Western rhetoric. Batumelebi Acclaimed journalist Mzia Amaglobeli was arrested in January and remains in jail That is not the view of one of Georgia's most respected journalists, Mzia Amaglobeli, imprisoned for two years for slapping a police officer. Amaglobeli, who will be awarded the European Parliament's Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought next month, says she has lost the sight of one eye and her remaining vision is worsening in solitary confinement: "I have difficulty reading for even 10-15 minutes at a time." Georgia's democratic decline intensified even before last year's elections, with a June 2024 Russian-style law on foreign influence that targeted civil society and independent media. "This is an abrupt change in Georgia's foreign policy from being one of the most pro-European countries in the region to the most difficult partners of the West, and change towards more autocratic great powers, like Russia and especially China."

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yq851ev86o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'High welfare, high tax' and 'Budget goes as billed' 52 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Wall-to-wall coverage of the Budget dominates the daily papers, unpacking the tax and spend measures announced by Chancellor Rachel Reeves in the Commons. The Daily Mail describes Reeves's measures as "spiteful raids on strivers", referring to what it calls a "Budget shambles" and saying the chancellor's message is "if you work hard and save prudently, I'm coming for you". She believes the new measures will hit "hard-working Britons" hardest as the government looks to "increase welfare spending to £406bn by 2030-31" for measures such as scrapping the two-child benefit cap. Photoshop, or another image-altering programme, has assisted the Daily Star in portraying Reeves as the Christmas Grinch on its front page, a grumpy green-skin fictional character who "stole Christmas" in its eponymous film. The Daily Telegraph says Reeves's fiscal statement contain "broken promises", including a "new tax on homes worth more than £2m" and other measure it says will affect "pensions and savings". Reeves says she "avoided reckless borrowing and dangerous cuts", while the paper notes the tax share as a proportion of GDP will hit an "all-time high of 38%" by 2030.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c5y2w443dl9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: But a setback by the same scoreline to Sean Dyche's Nottingham Forest left them 12th in the Premier League and now followed by this embarrassing loss against PSV - only their second at Anfield in their past 26 pre-knockout stage games in this competition. It has left Slot with a massive task on his hands to return his side to the top half of the Premier League and remain in the hunt for a top-eight place in the Champions League league phase, having slipped down to 13th. "I don't think there should be a knee-jerk reaction, I think this is a very tough moment at Liverpool for one reason or another, but the one thing I'd say is that things weren't right at the start of the season either, when they were winning," added Warnock. Let's not forget too that last year Slot oversaw the best ever start - eight wins in his first 10 top-flight games - by a Reds boss, having just replaced Jurgen Klopp. One was Isak for fellow new signing Hugo Ekitike, who looked to have picked up an injury, while the other was Italy forward Federico Chiesa for Ibrahima Konate during another tough evening for the French defender. "Unless the manager can find answers and stability in his team, then this situation is going to continue." PSV, though, was never going to be an easy fixture for Slot to try to get his players back on track. The former Feyenoord boss has only won one of his past eight games against the Eredivisie outfit in all competitions (D3 L4), and against no side has he suffered more defeats in his managerial career.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/final-criminal-case-against-trump-dismissed-after-georgia-prosecutor-drops-charges
Article: Nick Schifrin: The final criminal charges against President Donald Trump have been dropped after a prosecutor in Georgia moved to dismiss the case focused on a push to overturn the 2020 election results in the state. The president, as we remember, was one of 19 suspects — that's his mug shot back then — including his former chief of staff, Mark Meadows, as well as former attorney Rudy Giuliani. Liz Landers: I want to remind our viewers that this was all precipitated by a phone call, an infamous phone call now, between President Trump and Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger. By February, just a month later, the district attorney in Fulton County, Georgia, Fani Willis, had opened a criminal investigation into that phone call and whether the president was pressuring the secretary of state to overturn the election results in Georgia. This indictment had too many defendants, including President Trump, it had too many counts and it was going to take too long to try this case if they did it in one trial. Liz Landers: And, Nick, Peter Skandalakis also wrote today in this decision, this legal filing, he said that: "Given the complexity of the legal issues at hand, bringing this case before a jury in 2029, 2030 or even 2031 would be nothing short of a remarkable feat." Nick Schifrin: Is this the end?

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/war-rages-in-ukraine-as-push-for-peace-complicated-by-leaked-call-from-u-s-negotiator
Article: peace plan required Ukraine to reduce the size of its military by almost a third, abandon ambitions to join NATO and give up and demilitarize territory in Donetsk that Russia has failed to seize despite 11 years of war. Witkoff told Ushakov: "I have the deepest respect for President Putin." And Witkoff advised Ushakov on how Putin should speak to Trump: "Congratulate the president on this achievement of a cease-fire in Gaza." In Ukraine, Witkoff said: "I know what it's going to take to get a peace deal done, Donetsk and maybe a land swap somewhere. But I'm saying, instead of talking like that, let's talk more hopefully, because I think we're going to get a deal here." In response, Nebraska Republican Don Bacon, who's retiring, said Witkoff should be fired. Kaja Kallas, Vice President, European Commission: In any peace agreement, we have to put the focus on how to get concessions from Russian side, that they stop aggression for good and do not try to change borders by force. Nick Schifrin: In addition to Witkoff's travel to Russia next week, Secretary of the Army Dan Driscoll will continue to speak to the Ukrainians after he returned to the U.S.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/army-ob-gyn-accused-of-secretly-recording-women-under-his-care
Article: One case alleges that McGraw — quote — "used his position of trust to sexually exploit, manipulate and secretly record women under his care." Joining us now is attorney Andrew Cobos representing 70 alleged victims of Dr. And so this is, as I have been describing it, one of the most — one of the largest and most significant sexual assault cases in the history of the military. Amna Nawaz: In one of the complaints filed by Jane Doe — obviously, her identity is protected — she talked about invasive breast and vaginal exams that were unnecessary, not being given a medical gown to wear during those examinations and then, as you mentioned, secretly being recorded on a phone that Dr. Andrew Cobos: When I spoke to the nurses at Tripler Army Medical Center, what they said is that it was common knowledge around Tripler that there were allegations against Dr. My clients are ultimately filing a federal tort claims act lawsuit against the Army, and they're seeking restitution for the damages and the harms that they suffered at the hands of an Army employee, who should have been removed from that position. And if you just want to go back to the Vanessa Guillen incident in 2020 and look at what the fallout was from that incident, a 272-page report addressing the shortcomings of the Army.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/in-ohio-a-bipartisan-community-group-seeks-common-ground-on-immigration-reform
Article: Judy Woodruff: On a recent Saturday morning, locals gathered at a community center in South Lebanon, Ohio, a small working-class city of about 6,000 residents northeast of Cincinnati, to discuss an issue that has divided families, communities, Congress and the country, and left tens of millions of people in legal limbo for decades. Julie Castillo, Republican Voter: My husband came from Mexico to the United States to build a better life and provide for his mom, dad and sisters in Mexico in 2003. Scott Pell, Republican Voter: Some of these issues that have come up on immigration in particular have really hit home for me because I'm sort of that Rust Belt area, where workers and people were getting addicted to drugs and committing suicide and things like that. Judy Woodruff: The meeting was organized by Braver Angels, a bridging group that brings together regular people from across the political divide to try to turn down the temperature on partisanship and polarization. Bill Craig, Democratic Voter: I poured out my most deeply held values around this issue and the red-leaning guy I was with said, "There's not one thing you said that I disagree with." Judy Woodruff: This discussion took place in the same room where Braver Angels began nine years ago, following President Trump's first election and a bitter campaign. David Lapp, Co-Founder, Braver Angels: The level of stereotyping and the saying, I'm not going to associate with you because of how you voted, that that seemed to be rising. Judy Woodruff: A few weeks before our visit, this same group met for five hours and came to unanimous agreement on a list of values, concerns and policy solutions, things like support for a secure border, a legal pathway to residency for those with no criminal histories and treating people humanely and with dignity. Judy Woodruff: The point is not to agree on all issues, but to find common ground, learn to disagree in healthier ways and to try to see the people behind the labels. Brandon Wise, Democratic Voter: You know, sort of nominally we're balanced like red versus blue, right versus left, but then when people start to talk about their viewpoints, it became obvious that we don't really fit in those boxes like that. Judy Woodruff: A few days later, I spoke with Representative Landsman, who was joined by his Republican colleague from the Problem Solvers Caucus Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick, who represents another divided district, Pennsylvania's 1st near Philadelphia. Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA): I would venture to say 80, 85 percent of Americans can agree on what the right thing to do is when it comes to immigration and border security. Judy Woodruff: Trying to understand, Congressman Fitzpatrick, I am, why it is that some members like the two of you and some of your colleagues are able to see your way to some common ground on these issues, while so many of your other colleagues are not. And I understand Democrats will say we got to fight fire with fire and then — but then the Republicans will say, well, then they just did this, so we got to do this state. But I would hope that what we're seeing with the — how immigration is impacting our society, taxing our social services, our hospitals, our schools, that hopefully there's going to be some desire to face what's happening and to try to bring some resolutions for it.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/the-lesser-known-history-of-lacrosse-a-uniquely-american-sport
Article: I am the author of "The American Game: History and Hope in the Country of Lacrosse." Most people, their understanding of lacrosse is limited to the collegiate game, which really reaches its culmination of every Memorial Day with the NCAA Championships. The game was created 1,000 years ago as recreation, as a way to settle boundary disputes and train warriors, but centrally as a way to entertain the creator, and not only that, but used as a way to heal the community. said, Oren; "Let's get together and play some field lacrosse, my team, the Syracuse Orangemen, and we will play a field game." And Oren Lyons said to him, famously to me, tragically to me: "We don't really know how to play field anymore. We don't have a field team." And for the originators of the game to say that, to me, has always struck me as just one of the sort of quietly tragic utterances in sports history. In 2023, lacrosse was accepted by the IOC, the International Olympic Committee, which is the governing body of the Olympics, as a host city sport at the 2028 Olympic Games in Los Angeles.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/cnbc-daily-open-an-early-thanksgiving-celebration-in-us-markets.html
Article: Shares of Oracle , which have been hobbling along in November after wiping out its one-day spike in September, advanced roughly 4% after Deutsche Bank said that its recent price pullback "presents an attractive entry point for investors when looking at Oracle's business in totality." Other technology and AI-related stocks, such as Nvidia and Microsoft , rose in sympathy. "If the Fed disappoints, you could have a sell-off," Diton said — but added, "I don't think they will." And if White House National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett does assume the role of Fed chair when Jerome Powell vacates his seat, rates could trend even lower in the future, wrote Bank of America economist Aditya Bhave.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/26/thailands-pork-industry-fears-influx-of-cheap-us-imports-under-trump?traffic_source=rss
Article: But a $3bn market – supplied nearly entirely by domestic pig farmers – may be about to face competition like never before from the giant hog farms of the world’s third-largest producer, the United States. Washington has a 10,000-item-long wish list of goods it wants to enter Thailand duty-free to reduce its $45.5bn trade deficit with the Southeast Asian country, an imbalance President Donald Trump says unfairly disadvantages US producers. Shortly after Trump met Thailand’s caretaker prime minister, Anutin Charnvirakul, on the sidelines of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Malaysia last month, the White House revealed some of the many strings attached to its trade deal, which set the tariff rate for the kingdom’s exports to the US at 19 percent. They include Thailand agreeing to “address and prevent barriers to US food and agricultural products in the Thai market”, according to the White House, and a commitment to “expediting access” for US meat and poultry products. That has panicked Thailand’s pig farmers, who say the industry may not survive a flood of cheaper, subsidised US pork, which is fattened up on ractopamine, a livestock additive banned in many countries, including the kingdom. If US pork is allowed into Thailand without duties, nothing less than the kingdom’s food security is at stake, according to Worawut Siripun, deputy secretary-general of the Swine Raisers Association of Thailand. While there are conflicting signals over whether tensions with Cambodia have put Thailand’s trade negotiations with its biggest export destination on the back burner, farmers and livestock companies are bracing for intensified competition. Thailand announced earlier this month that it would lift its annual corn import limit, from approximately 50,000 tonnes to 1 million tonnes, and scrap a 20 percent tariff to appease Washington. He is angling to return to office in defiance of critics who say he has already given away too much to Washington before a comprehensive trade deal has been signed. Trump officials have already announced a deal to gain preferential access to Thailand’s rare earths, the sale of billions of dollars of US-made aircraft and a promise by Bangkok not to tax US digital services companies. On Monday, the Office of the National Economic and Social Development Council trimmed its economic growth forecast for 2026 to 1.2 percent, down from an expected 2 percent expansion this year – by far the weakest performance among Southeast Asia’s leading economies. Advertisement With a third round of trade talks with the US under a cloud following the suspension of the Thailand-Cambodia peace deal, the main political opposition party has called on the government to pause the negotiations and consult with local stakeholders. The government should hold eight weeks of stakeholder hearings … especially groups directly affected, such as corn farmers.” Thailand should take stock and assess if regional peers with full US trade deals – including Cambodia, Vietnam and Malaysia – are happy with the outcomes and “whether Thailand is offering too much”, he added. Saudi Arabian buyers who sold durian to customers in the US had been Lertwattanaweerakul’s main source of business, but with the Arab country hit with a 10 percent tariff, “they are no longer purchasing from me at all,” he told Al Jazeera.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2026-election/federal-court-allows-north-carolina-use-new-republican-drawn-map-2026-rcna246156
Article: A federal court in North Carolina is allowing the state to use a new Republican-drawn congressional map that would help the GOP pick up another seat in the House during next year's midterm elections. District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina unanimously denied preliminary injunction requests brought by a pair of lawsuits that said in part that the new map was aimed at diluting the voting strength of Black voters, in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment. The Supreme Court in 2019 allowed political gerrymandering, finding that “partisan gerrymandering claims present political questions beyond the reach of the federal courts." Wednesday's ruling comes after the Republican-controlled North Carolina Legislature last month approved a map aimed at expanding the number of Republican seats in the House. Republicans in Missouri also approved a revised map this year to bolster their party, and the Justice Department joined a Republican-led lawsuit challenging a Democratic-drawn map in California that voters approved this month. “As Democrat-run states like California do everything in their power to undermine President Trump’s administration and agenda, North Carolina Republicans went to work to protect the America First Agenda," he said in a statement. President Trump deserves a Congress that will fight for American citizens and move his agenda forward.” The three-judge panel also rejected a claim that the legislature had improperly relied on 2020 Census data, which the map’s challengers had argued is no longer an accurate depiction of the state’s population. Bob Phillips, the executive director of Common Cause North Carolina, one of the nonprofit groups that challenged the new map, criticized the panel’s decision and defended a claim by the challengers that the map violated the First Amendment’s protections against retaliation and political expression. The ruling “gives blessing to what will be the most gerrymandered congressional map in state history, a map that intentionally retaliates against voters in eastern North Carolina for supporting a candidate not preferred by the majority party,” Phillips said in a statement.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-26/teens-on-e-bikes-arrested-hermosa-beach-assault
Article: A video of a gang of teenage e-bikers beating up a man near the Hermosa Beach Pier until one of them yells “he’s dead, he’s dead” sent waves of outrage through the tight-knit coastal community this week. Advertisement In the days after the assault, police spoke with the parents of the teens involved and fielded numerous phone calls, e-mails and videos from the scene submitted by the community as calls for accountability intensified. We sincerely thank those who have trusted the process and allowed our team to remain focused on the facts and evidence.” The assault was the latest in a string of incidents involving teenagers on e-bikes in the South Bay communities of Manhattan Beach, El Segundo and Redondo Beach.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/news-wrap-hong-kong-high-rise-fire-kills-dozens
Article: Nick Schifrin: Elsewhere today, Hong Kong's leader says eight years of life has been a massive fire in a high-rise apartment complex has killed at least 36 people, with another 279 still missing. As of midnight local, officials say it was — quote — "coming under control." The complex is home to 4,800 residents, one of whom evacuated safely and then watched the fire spread. In the West African nation of Guinea-Bissau, soldiers say they have taken — quote — "total control" of the country days after elections in which both presidential contenders claimed victory. Still to come on the "News Hour": what's affecting turkey prices this Thanksgiving; Judy Woodruff meets with a group pushing for bipartisan immigration reform; and we explore the lesser-known history of a uniquely American sport.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/music-therapy-helps-chinese-elders-in-boston-overcome-trauma
Article: (Singing) Jeffrey Brown: The morning sing-along at the Greater Boston Chinatown Golden Age Center, popular Chinese songs mostly from the 1960s to '80s, formative years for the participants, older immigrants, now retired, most with little to no English, in many cases without family nearby. Jeffrey Brown: Low is a music therapist and assistant professor at Boston's Berklee College of Music, known for educating and training top musicians, but also for 30 years for offering a different kind of training for a growing profession that uses music to address physical, emotional, cognitive and other forms of health through a variety of clinical techniques, for this population, Low says, reaching people in unexpected ways. Jeffrey Brown: The Chinatown Golden Age Center, founded in 1972 and now comprising three locations, offers a wide variety of services to Chinese elders, including legal aid, food banks and exercise classes at a drop-in center. Jeffrey Brown: Just how much this kind of therapy impacts the rest of participants' lives and overall health is an area of continuing study; 21-year-old Jie Wen Ong from Hong Kong and Singapore studies music therapy, as well as voice, at Berklee. Jeffrey Brown: As for Ming Yuan Low, one of their Berklee College of Music professors, he cites continuing studies in the field of neuroscience, as well as what he and other music therapists are experiencing in the field. Ming Yuan Low: There's so much we are working on right now to understand what is happening to us physiologically as human beings when we're experiencing music, and we haven't even scratched the surface yet.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/china-industrial-profits-drop-in-october-worst-level-in-five-months-trade-uncertainty.html
Article: For the first ten months of the year, profits at major industrial firms grew 1.9% from a year ago, the official data showed, decelerating from a 3.2% rise in the January to September period. Industrial profits dropped 5.5% from a year earlier in October, the biggest decline since June, and reversed the momentum seen in September, when the figure surged 21.6%, the most significant jump since November 2023. While manufacturers found some relief from the trade pact struck between Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping that reduced tariffs on Chinese products, weak domestic demand and uncertainties in global trade continue to cast a shadow over the trade outlook. The reality, however, was less rosy than the core inflation reading suggested, according to Ting Lu, chief China economist at Nomura Bank, who estimated that about a quarter of the 1.2% core inflation readings had "almost nothing to do with local consumption" but were mainly caused by surging gold prices. The "underestimated decline of rents also contributed to the overstatement of headline inflation data," Lu said, suggesting that the country has been mired in a "moderate recession" since late 2022.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/27/russias-shadow-vessels-using-false-flags-to-skirt-sanctions-report-says?traffic_source=rss
Article: A total of 113 Russian vessels have flown a false flag in the first nine months of this year, transporting some 11 million tonnes of oil valued at 4.7 billion euros ($5.4bn), according to the report published on Thursday by the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA), a Helsinki-based think tank. “False-flagged vessels carried 1.4 billion euros ($1.6bn) worth of Russian crude oil and oil products through the Danish Straits in September alone.” Russia’s clandestine shadow fleet transports sanctioned commodities, especially oil, under non-Russian flags to evade scrutiny. A total of 85 vessels registered at least two flag changes six months after being sanctioned by the European Union, the United States Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) or the United Kingdom, according to the think tank. Advertisement Six flag registries that had not flagged a Russian ship before Moscow’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 had at least 10 such vessels each in their fleet in September 2025, according to CREA, for a total of 162 shadow vessels. “In addition to the risks of false flagging, we also see that ʻshadowʼ vessel operators are taking advantage of capacity limitations of economically weak nations to exploit their flags and existing regulations to gain passage rights to deliver blood oil,” said co-author Vaibhav Raghunandan, calling on the EU and the UK to reform their flagging regulations and practices. Ziemba said Moscow had resorted to “more evasive techniques” on the back of increased pressure from the EU, as well as moves by China to block so-called “zombie vessels”, which use the registration numbers of retired vessels.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2k4dy15nqqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Australia's beloved weather website got a makeover - and infuriated users 8 hours ago Share Save Lana Lam Sydney Share Save Getty Images Farmers are angry - they argue the information they need is now hard to find It was an unseasonably warm spring day in Sydney on 22 October, with a forecast of 39C (99F) - a real scorcher. Gripes ranged from the new colour scheme for the rain radar, to furious farmers and fishermen who could no longer put in GPS coordinates to find forecasts for a specific location. "First you violate expectations by making something worse, then you compound the injury by revealing the violation was both expensive and avoidable," psychologist and neuroscientist Joel Pearson told the BBC, explaining the public outrage. "It's the government IT project equivalent of ordering a renovation, discovering the contractor has made your house less functional, and then learning they charged you for a mansion." 'Game of hide and seek' A consensus was quickly clear: "Please bring back the previous format," one person surmised on social media. Social media has been flooded with complaints about the new site With more than 2.6 billion views a year, Bom tried to explain that the site's refresh - prompted by a major cybersecurity breach in 2015 - was aimed at improving stability, security and accessibility. Some frustrated users turned to humour: "As much as I love a good game of hide and seek, can you tell us where you're hiding synoptic charts or drop some clues?" Malcolm Taylor, an agronomist in Victoria, told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) that the redesign was a complete disaster. Others appeared to accept their fate: "I am sure we will get used to it but it is not intuitive at all." Bureau of Meteorology Many users say they found the old version easier to navigate Exactly a week after the debacle, the acting head of the agency was forced to apologise. A month after the relaunch, the new head of the Bom - who started his role during the saga - admitted the changes had been "challenging for some" and again apologised for the confusion. But he kicked off another round of criticism by revealing the revamp actually cost $96m, a figure which covered a full website rebuild and testing of the "systems and technology that underpin" it. "Your fingers know where the keys are, your hands know when to turn." But when the new site changed the radar's colour scale, long-time users were left scratching their heads as their "hard-won intuition for reading storm intensity became unreliable overnight". Steve Turton/Bom The old colour scheme included black which users said was a useful indicator The new site, Mr Pearson said, "was scrambling the neurological shortcuts that people had spent a decade building". Except the 'furniture' in this case determines whether you move your livestock before the flood arrives." For sociologist Ash Watson, the collective reaction to the site reflected its special status in Australia. "Australia has always been a large country of weather extremes, and Bom's cultural importance has really been cemented in recent years as we've experienced more severe weather and the rising impacts of climate change." As a regular user of Bom's site, Ms Watson acknowledged the good intentions behind the changes, but said her research - on the social impact of tech - showed that people are getting fatigued by change. "It can be hard for people to get excited by new updates and see their immediate benefits when they don't want to have to learn how to use yet another new platform, app or website." AFP via Getty Images The Bom website performs an essential role in times of disaster

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/fetch-rewards-how-i-got-a-free-gift-card-for-scanning-receipts/
Article: I first signed up for Fetch in 2021 and while I don't always remember to scan every receipt I have, I did accumulate enough points to cash them in for a free $25 gift card at one point. Cost Free Mobile app Yes How to earn points on purchases Scan receipts from online and in-person purchases How to redeem your points Redeem through the app to receive virtual gift cards Pros Gift cards available for popular retailers and brands Offers a browser extension to help you find shopping deals Enable finding offers near you Earn rewards from over 500 brands Cons High number of points required to redeem gift cards Can take a while to rack up enough points for redemption Learn More View More How Fetch works Fetch Rewards is an app that lets you earn points for scanning receipts every time you shop, whether online or in person, and redeem those points for gift cards and cash back. For instance, 5,000 points can get you a $3 or $5 gift card; 15,000 points can get you a $10 gift card; 30,000 points gets you a $25 gift card and 60,000 points gets you a $50 gift card. Again, if you don't see a gift card offer from a desired brand, you can also redeem your points for a Visa cash card and spend it wherever you want. The bonus offer may be subject to change but in the past, when your friend signs up and uploads their first receipt, they'd earn 2,000 points and you'd earn 3,000 points. Once I hit the 30,000-point mark on the app, I redeemed it for a $25 gift card — just enough to treat myself to free coffees over the course of a few days. Pros You don't need to activate special offers for higher point earnings; you'll automatically earn the offer when you upload a receipt with the eligible items or brands on it Redeeming points is quick and simple Easy to navigate user interface Cons Racking up enough points to redeem can take a while, and it's sometimes easy to forget to upload your receipts Spending more money doesn't mean you get more points, so sometimes it feels like you aren't earning enough points for the things you're buying Other ways to get gift cards for "free" Many rewards credit cards let you redeem your points or miles for gift cards. Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase's site CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase's site Spotlight With Points Boost, your rewards will be worth up to 1.5x on thousands of top-booked hotels and flights from select airlines through Chase Travel. Pros & cons You can transfer rewards to all of Chase's travel partners including World of Hyatt, Southwest Rapid Rewards and many more Long list of travel and shopping protections $50 annual Chase Travel hotel credit Has an annual fee Requires a high credit score More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. Enjoy beneﬁts such as 5x on travel purchased through Chase Travel SM , 3x on dining, select streaming services and online groceries, 2x on all other travel purchases, 1x on all other purchases , 3x on dining, select streaming services and online groceries, 2x on all other travel purchases, 1x on all other purchases Earn up to $50 in statement credits each account anniversary year for hotel stays through Chase Travel SM 10% anniversary points boost - each account anniversary you'll earn bonus points equal to 10% of your total purchases made the previous year. Member FDIC Balance transfer fee Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater American Express® Gold Card CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On the American Express site CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On the American Express site Spotlight The Amex Gold Card offers over $400 in statement credits every year. Credit score Good to Excellent Regular APR See Pay Over Time APR Annual fee $325 Welcome bonus You may be eligible for as high as 100,000 Membership Rewards® Points See rates and fees, terms apply. If approved, you will: (1) receive your Welcome Offer details, (2) have the option to accept the Card with that offer, (3) be required to spend $6,000 on eligible purchases within the first 6 months of Card Membership, and (4) earn Membership Rewards® points. supermarket purchases No foreign transaction fees Larger annual fee Credits are more complicated, you earn them monthly or semi-annually More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. You may be eligible for as high as 100,000 Membership Rewards ® Points after you spend $6,000 in eligible purchases on your new Card in your first 6 months of Card Membership. Earn 4X Membership Rewards ® points per dollar spent on purchases at restaurants worldwide, on up to $50,000 in purchases per calendar year, then 1X points for the rest of the year. Earn 4X Membership Rewards ® points per dollar spent at US supermarkets, on up to $25,000 in purchases per calendar year, then 1X points for the rest of the year. $120 Uber Cash on Gold: Add your Gold Card to your Uber account and get $10 in Uber Cash each month to use on orders and rides in the U.S. $84 Dunkin' Credit: With the $84 Dunkin' Credit, you can earn up to $7 in monthly statement credits after you enroll and pay with the American Express ® Gold Card at U.S. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/hong-kongs-deadliest-fire-in-63-years-what-we-know-and-how-it-spread?traffic_source=rss
Article: By early Thursday morning, officials said they had brought the fire in four buildings under control, but firefighters were still working on three others more than 16 hours after the blaze started. According to local media, the fire intensified rapidly: By 3:34pm (07:34 GMT), it had reached a level four alarm, and by 6:22pm (10:22 GMT), it had reached a level five alarm – the highest alert level in Hong Kong. “We have reason to believe that those in charge at the company were grossly negligent, which led to this accident and caused the fire to spread uncontrollably, resulting in major casualties,” Eileen Chung, senior superintendent at the Hong Kong Police Force, said. So, we have difficulties proceeding to upper floors of two of the buildings.” The Hong Kong Fire Services Department mobilised more than 1,200 fire and ambulance personnel to the site, officials said.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/nrg-park-employees-accused-stealing-7000-customers-police-say/18215666/
Article: NRG Park employees accused of stealing from 7,000 customers, police say Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Thousands of people who thought they were paying to park at NRG Park were actually being scammed, police say. Police say they caught him in the act on March 19 after setting up a sting and that he led them to the other two parking attendants, Vincent Ward and Taelor Miller. Charging documents indicate NRG Park was aware something was amiss as early as August 2024, when a Texans fan who paid $50 to park was turned away and told the lot he'd paid to park in was all pre-paid parking.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy5g3076lqzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Pope Leo XIV to visit Turkey and Lebanon in first foreign trip of his papacy Just now Share Save Aleem Maqbool religion editor, Travelling with Pope Leo XIV Share Save EPA Pope Leo XIV will make his first papal trip overseas this week Pope Leo XIV is beginning the first foreign trip of his papacy. Visits to both countries had originally been planned by the late Pope Francis, but the overarching theme – building bridges – is one Pope Leo has made his own from the moment he stepped onto the balcony of St Peters Basilica after his election in May. But on this trip, his powers of diplomacy will be closely scrutinised A key moment of the trip will take place in the Turkish town of Iznik, the site of the ancient city of Nicaea. In 325 AD, among other key decisions, more than 200 bishops at the council affirmed the belief that Jesus was the son of God, eventually leading to what's known as the Nicene Creed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-lax-migration-policies-top-national-security-threat-127919907
Article: President Donald Trump says Wednesday's attack on two National Guard members near the White House highlights the dangers of lax migration policies President Donald Trump leans in to hear a question as he speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from Joint Base Andrews to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) President Donald Trump leans in to hear a question as he speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from Joint Base Andrews to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump said Wednesday's “heinous assault” on two National Guard members near the White House proves that lax migration policies are “the single greatest national security threat facing our nation." “No country can tolerate such a risk to our very survival,” he said. It has since faced intense scrutiny from Trump and his allies, congressional Republicans and some government watchdogs over gaps in the vetting process and the speed of admissions, even as advocates say it offered a lifeline to people at risk of Taliban reprisals. Trump described Afghanistan as “a hellhole on earth,” and he said his administration would review everyone who entered from the country under President Joe Biden — a measure his administration had already been planning before the incident. During his remarks, Trump also swung his focus to Minnesota, where he complained about “hundreds of thousands of Somalians" who are "ripping apart that once-great state.” Minnesota has the country’s largest Somali community, roughly 87,000 people. He said he wants to remove anyone “who does not belong here or does not add benefit to our country." “If they can’t love our country, we don’t want them," Trump added. He said Wednesday's shooting should not shed a negative light on the tens of thousands of Afghan nationals who have gone through the various legal pathways to resettling in the U.S. Those in countries like Qatar and Albania, who have undergone the rigorous process, have been left in limbo since Trump entered his second term and paused the program as part of his series of executive actions cracking down on immigration. Vice President JD Vance, writing on social media, criticized Biden for “opening the floodgate to unvetted Afghan refugees," adding that “they shouldn't have been in our country.” “Already some voices in corporate media chirp that our immigration policies are too harsh,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thousands-protest-bulgaria-budget-steep-tax-increases-gets-127911029
Article: Thousands have protested in the streets of Bulgaria’s capital to denounce steep tax increases in next year’s draft budget before its final vote in parliament Thousands protest in Bulgaria before budget with steep tax increases gets final approval Protesters shout at policemen as thousands took to the streets of Bulgaria's capital, Sofia, to denounce steep tax hikes in next year's draft budget before being finally voted on in parliament, Wednesday, Nov 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) Protesters shout at policemen as thousands took to the streets of Bulgaria's capital, Sofia, to denounce steep tax hikes in next year's draft budget before being finally voted on in parliament, Wednesday, Nov 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) SOFIA, Bulgaria -- Thousands took to the streets of Sofia, Bulgaria’s capital, Wednesday to denounce steep tax increases in next year’s draft budget before its final vote in parliament.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/myanmars-military-rulers-grant-mass-amnesty-ahead-election-127898012
Article: State media in Myanmar say the country's military rulers have granted amnesty to over 3,000 prisoners locked up for opposing army rule and dropped charges against over 5,500 others ahead of next month’s election This is a locator map for Myanmar with its capital, Naypyidaw. (AP Photo) BANGKOK -- BANGKOK (AP) — Myanmar ’s military rulers have granted amnesty to more than 3,000 political prisoners locked up for opposing army rule and dropped charges against over 5,500 others ahead of next month's election, state media reported Wednesday. An official from Yangon’s Insein Prison, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to release information, told the AP on Thursday that prisoner releases would begin that day, but he did not provide the numbers and names of inmates to be freed. Outside of Insein Prison, which for decades has served as the main place of detention for political prisoners, dozens of people gathered Thursday morning to welcome friends and relatives who were being freed under an amnesty. It was not immediately clear whether the prisoner release would include former leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who has been held virtually incommunicado since the military's seizure of power in February 2021. State-run broadcaster MRTV said Wednesday that the amnesty was granted “to ensure that all eligible voters do not lose their right to vote and can cast their votes freely and fairly in the upcoming multi-party democratic general election" on Dec. MRTV said Myanmar’s State Security and Peace Commission, which functions as the authority overseeing the transition to elections, granted amnesties covering 3,085 prisoners convicted under Section 505(A) of the penal code. A total of 724 prisoners were given conditional release, meaning any future offense will require them to serve both the remaining portion of their original sentence and any new sentence, according to the announcement. A separate announcement said 5,580 people – either being prosecuted under the same charge or in hiding after being prosecuted under the charge, also will receive amnesty and have their cases closed. Critics have asserted that the election will be neither free nor fair because there is no free media and most of the leaders of Suu Kyi’s dissolved National League for Democracy party have been arrested. Some 22,708 political detainees, including Suu Kyi, were in detention as of Wednesday, according to the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners, an independent organization that keeps detailed tallies of arrests.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trump-lax-migration-policies-top-national-security-threat-127919908
Article: President Donald Trump says Wednesday's attack on two National Guard members near the White House highlights the dangers of lax migration policies President Donald Trump leans in to hear a question as he speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from Joint Base Andrews to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) President Donald Trump leans in to hear a question as he speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from Joint Base Andrews to his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump said Wednesday's “heinous assault” on two National Guard members near the White House proves that lax migration policies are “the single greatest national security threat facing our nation." “No country can tolerate such a risk to our very survival,” he said. It has since faced intense scrutiny from Trump and his allies, congressional Republicans and some government watchdogs over gaps in the vetting process and the speed of admissions, even as advocates say it offered a lifeline to people at risk of Taliban reprisals. Trump described Afghanistan as “a hellhole on earth,” and he said his administration would review everyone who entered from the country under President Joe Biden — a measure his administration had already been planning before the incident. During his remarks, Trump also swung his focus to Minnesota, where he complained about “hundreds of thousands of Somalians" who are "ripping apart that once-great state.” Minnesota has the country’s largest Somali community, roughly 87,000 people. He said he wants to remove anyone “who does not belong here or does not add benefit to our country." “If they can’t love our country, we don’t want them," Trump added. He said Wednesday's shooting should not shed a negative light on the tens of thousands of Afghan nationals who have gone through the various legal pathways to resettling in the U.S. Those in countries like Qatar and Albania, who have undergone the rigorous process, have been left in limbo since Trump entered his second term and paused the program as part of his series of executive actions cracking down on immigration. Vice President JD Vance, writing on social media, criticized Biden for “opening the floodgate to unvetted Afghan refugees," adding that “they shouldn't have been in our country.” “Already some voices in corporate media chirp that our immigration policies are too harsh,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/mexico-plans-build-latin-americas-powerful-supercomputer-127897759
Article: (AP Photo/Eduardo Verdugo, File) MEXICO CITY -- MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico unveiled plans Wednesday to build what it claims will be Latin America’s most powerful supercomputer — a project the government says will help the country capitalize on the rapidly evolving uses of artificial intelligence and exponentially expand the country’s computing capacity. Dubbed “Coatlicue” for the Mexica goddess considered the earth mother, the supercomputer would be seven times more powerful than the region’s current leader in Brazil, José Merino, head of the Telecommunications and Digital Transformation Agency. “It is going to allow Mexico to fully get in on the use of artificial intelligence and the processing of data that today we don’t have the capacity to do." Merino said that Mexico’s most powerful supercomputer operates at 2.3 petaflops — a unit to measure computing speed, meaning it can perform one quadrillion operations per second.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/thousands-protest-bulgaria-budget-steep-tax-increases-gets-127919509
Article: Thousands have protested in the streets of Bulgaria’s capital to denounce steep tax increases in next year’s draft budget before its final vote in parliament Thousands protest in Bulgaria before budget with steep tax increases gets final approval Protesters shout at policemen as thousands took to the streets of Bulgaria's capital, Sofia, to denounce steep tax hikes in next year's draft budget before being finally voted on in parliament, Wednesday, Nov 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) Protesters shout at policemen as thousands took to the streets of Bulgaria's capital, Sofia, to denounce steep tax hikes in next year's draft budget before being finally voted on in parliament, Wednesday, Nov 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) SOFIA, Bulgaria -- Thousands took to the streets of Sofia, Bulgaria’s capital, Wednesday to denounce steep tax increases in next year’s draft budget before its final vote in parliament.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/australia-clamps-downs-on-nudify-sites-used-for-ai-generated-child-abuse?traffic_source=rss
Article: Grant’s office said the sites had been receiving approximately 100,000 visits a month from Australians and featured in high-profile cases of AI-generated child sex abuse imagery involving Australian school students. “We took enforcement action in September because this provider failed to put in safeguards to prevent its services being used to create child sexual exploitation material and were even marketing features like undressing ‘any girl,’ and with options for ‘schoolgirl’ image generation and features such as ‘sex mode,’” Grand said in a statement. The development comes after Grant’s office issued a formal warning to the United Kingdom-based company behind the sites in September, threatening civil penalties of up to 49.5 million Australian dollars ($32.2m) if it did not introduce safeguards to prevent image-based abuse. Grant said Hugging Face, a hosting platform for AI models, had separately also taken steps to comply with Australian law, including changing its terms of service to require account holders to take steps to minimise the risks of misuse involving their platforms. Advertisement Australia has been at the forefront of global efforts to prevent the online harm of children, banning social media for under-16s and cracking down on apps used for stalking and creating deepfake images. The use of AI to create non-consensual sexually explicit images has been a growing concern amid the rapid proliferation of platforms capable of creating photo-realistic material at the click of a mouse. In a survey carried out by the US-based advocacy group Thorn last year, 10 percent of respondents aged 13-20 reported knowing someone who had deepfake nude imagery created of them, while 6 percent said they had been a direct victim of such abuse.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/miss-universe-owners-face-fraud-and-trafficking-allegations?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Miss Universe competition has been overshadowed by legal drama as its owners face charges of fraud in Thailand and an investigation into drugs and weapons trafficking in Mexico just days after the latest pageant concluded. Jakrajutatip is wanted in Thailand after she failed to attend a Bangkok court hearing this week over a 30 million baht ($930,000) legal dispute with an investor in JKN Global. Jakrajutatip and JKN Global have been facing major balance sheet problems since 2023, when the company began to default on payments to investors, according to the Associated Press news agency. Earlier this year, Jakrajutatip and JKN Global were sanctioned by Thailand’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for publishing “false or misleading information” in the company’s financial statement, and were fined 4 million baht ($124,000). The SEC statement said JKN Global did not fully disclose to investors that it signed an October 2023 agreement to sell 50 percent of its shares in the Miss Universe Pageant to Mexican businessman Raúl Rocha Cantu and his company, Legacy Holding Group USA Inc. Cantu is facing separate legal troubles in Mexico, where prosecutors said on Wednesday that he was under investigation for alleged arms, drug and fuel trafficking between Mexico and Guatemala, according to the AFP news agency.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/what-to-know-dc-national-guard-shooting-rahmanullah-lakanwal-rcna246154
Article: The two National Guard members were "ambushed" by a person who "came around the corner, raised his arm with a firearm and discharged at the National Guard members," Carroll said at a news conference. Drew Angerer / AFP - Getty Images The suspect was shot “during the interaction,” Carroll said, though it's not clear who shot him, and was taken to a hospital for treatment. Mayor Muriel Bowser called the shooting “targeted,” saying the suspect who was taken into custody “appeared to target these guardsmen.” What we know about the victims The two National Guard members were from the West Virginia National Guard. What we know about the suspect Lakanwal, the man law enforcement sources said has been identified as the suspect, is 29, the four senior law enforcement sources told NBC News. FBI Director Kash Patel called the attack "a horrendous act of violence." He promised at a news conference Wednesday that the perpetrator "will be brought to justice" and said the matter will be treated as an assault on a federal law enforcement officer.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpq1xzd4xreo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Our £3.6m bill for flats too dangerous to live in' 9 minutes ago Share Save Marc Waddington North West Investigations Share Save BBC Michael Jones says the leases leave the flat owners responsible for nearly all costs People who were made homeless over serious fire safety problems in the buildings they lived in have been given a £3.6m bill to fix and maintain them. The owners of the buildings' 160 individual flats now face bills of about £10,000 each for service charges and repairs despite not being able to live in the blocks, and say they feel "trapped" by contracts that make them liable for virtually all the problems that arise. Dave Hemmings has had to rent a bungalow despite owning a flat he has been unable to live in since July Dave Hemmings, 72, moved into a rented flat in August after having to move out of his home when the fire service shut the building down. "I haven't got that sort of money." In July, Dave Hemmings was served with the prohibition notice that ordered the closure of the buildings Michael Jones, who paid £95,000 for his flat in 2007, said he and others who owned flats in the buildings were tied into leases that required them to pay for all repairs and maintenance, including communal areas, structural walls, ceilings, floors and lifts. "We've paid through the nose repeatedly for works that now need doing again, but it feels like no-one else has to do anything other than making money out of us." He added: "We've been put through hell over the years. "We should not be asked to pick up the tab for years of mismanagement and neglect." Mr Jones added the "leases we signed up for are not designed for us, they're designed for the multi-millionaires who are in charge of the properties". Workers have been placing grills over the windows of the abandoned blocks in recent weeks In 2011, the original developer, LPC Living, sold the head lease of the buildings to a firm run by businessman Michael Gubbay, who has a portfolio of hundreds of freeholds and leaseholds around the UK registered to several firms based in the British Virgin Islands. Flat owner Mr Jones, 42, said when over £300,000 was raised during this time to pay towards fire doors and other fire safety works, thousands of pounds in professional management fees were added on. Since 2021, the head lease has been held by a company registered in the British Virgin Islands that is owned by millionaire property tycoons Vincent and Robert Tchenguiz, who own thousands of freehold and leaseholds in England. Millionaire property tycoons Robert and Vincent Tchenguiz own the company that is the landlord of Beech Rise and Willow Rise Mr Jones and fellow leaseholder Elaine Shaw said they joined the board of the Parklands (Kirkby) Management Company Ltd in 2023 in the hope of sorting the buildings' problems out, but they were unable to. Mr Jones and Ms Shaw resigned from the company earlier this year, and since then, head lessor Rockwell FC100 has taken control of the buildings and directly appointed another building management firm to run them. The freehold for the land on which the buildings stand is owned by a dormant company called T R Marketing, which is registered to a unit in an industrial estate in Salford and bought the freehold from housing association Livv Housing in 2022. The lifts in the buildings had been broken for some time before the blocks were shut down Until the buildings closed in July, Knowsley Council had spent up to £1m on safety patrols so residents did not have to leave their homes. The fire service did not specify what the problems were in its prohibition notice, and the original developer LPC Living has told the BBC it had received "all required approvals and certification" when it refurbished the buildings in 2006. Residents and leaseholders spent over £300,000 on trying to fix the buildings but the problems remained The bill sent to flat owners this month included a share of the £600,000 expected cost of replacing the broken lifts, and about £220,000 for fire safety works such as replacing fire doors and making sure there were proper fire breaks in the building. 'Grossly unfair' Knowsley Council leader Graham Morgan said it seemed "grossly unfair that those residents, who had kept up to date with their service charge payments, and didn't want to move out are now being asked to pay again – and for what benefit given they no longer reside there?" He added: "I'd encourage residents to seek legal advice about any liabilities they may have under their lease arrangements. "The council would also support residents and join them in calling upon the government to intervene, to identify those who are responsible for the lack of repairs and upkeep and to ensure that the repairs needed are delivered with the costs of such being met by those who are genuinely liable." A spokesman for Estates & Management (E&M), the agents for head lessors Rockwell FC100, said the situation was "disappointing". They added the company had had "no option but to take over management of the building" from Parklands (Kirkby) Management Company Ltd, which they said had "amassed significant debts to suppliers and did not collect service charge money from a large number of homeowners, all of which has resulted in the current situation". Leaseholders are still expected to pay service charges for the buildings, which were abandoned in July The spokesman added: "In order to deal with the management of the buildings and seek to address the issues raised by the fire service in the prohibition notices significant work must now be undertaken. Residents will be provided with regular updates." A spokesman for Lambert Smith Hampton, the current building management firm appointed by E&M, said any charges would be reviewed against "exemptions arising from the Building Safety Act 2022" before "any costs are applied to leaseholders".

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/macys-thanksgiving-day-parade-set-kick-off-manhattan-127920517
Article: The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade is poised to kick off in New York City Volunteers pass a Spider-Man balloon during preparations for the 99th Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II) NEW YORK -- The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade kicks off Thursday in New York City, with new balloons depicting Buzz Lightyear and Pac-Man set to take to the skies and floats featuring Labubu and Lego gracing the streets. It's expected to be a chilly day in the city, with temperatures in the 40s, but wind gusts between 25 mph (40 kph) and 30 mph (48 kph) will make it feel colder, according to David Stark, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in New York. Officials are watching the forecast closely, since city law prohibits Macy’s from flying full-size balloons if sustained winds exceed 23 mph (37 kph) or wind gusts are over 35 mph (56 kph). She said at a news conference Wednesday that there were no known, specific, credible threats to the event, but as usual, thousands of police officers will be stationed along the route. Performers include “Wicked” star Cynthia Erivo, Conan Gray, Lainey Wilson, Foreigner, Lil Jon, and Audrey Nuna, EJAE and Rei Ami of HUNTR/X, the fictional girl group at the heart of this year's Netflix hit “KPop Demon Hunters." The Radio City Rockettes also will be there, as will cast members from Broadway's “Buena Vista Social Club,” “Just in Time” and “Ragtime." All told, the parade is expected to feature dozens of balloons, floats, clown groups and marching bands — all leading the way for Santa Claus. Among the new balloons being featured is a large onion carriage featuring eight characters from the world of “ Shrek.” “KPop Demon Hunters” will also be represented in the sky with the characters Derpy Tiger and Sussie.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pope-leo-xiv-opens-foreign-trip-visit-turkey-127920591
Article: Pope Leo XIV is heading to Turkey on his first foreign trip By NICOLE WINFIELD Associated Press , SERRA YEDIKARDES Associated Press , and SUZAN FRASER Associated Press Muslims pray at the Ottoman-era Sultan Ahmed or Blue Mosque, in Istanbul, Turkey, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Francisco Seco) VATICAN CITY -- VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Leo XIV is heading to Turkey on Thursday on his first foreign trip, fulfilling the late Pope Francis’ plans to mark an important Orthodox anniversary and bring a message of peace to the region at a crucial time for efforts to end the war in Ukraine and ease Mideast tensions. Leo’s visit comes as Turkey, a country of more than 85 million people of predominantly Sunni Muslims, has cast itself as a key intermediary in peace negotiations for the conflicts in Ukraine and Gaza. Ankara has hosted rounds of low-level talks between Russia and Ukraine and has offered to take part in the stabilization force in Gaza to help uphold the fragile ceasefire, engagements Leo may applaud in his arrival speech. Turkey’s growing military weight, as NATO’s largest army after the U.S., has been drawing Western leaders closer to Erdogan even as critics warn of his crackdown on the country’s main opposition party. Though support for Palestinians and an end to the war in Ukraine is widespread in Turkey, for Turks who face an ongoing cost-of-living crisis, owing to market turmoil induced by shake-ups in domestic politics, international politics is a secondary concern. “It would be good if he called for peace in the world, but I don’t think it will change anything." Some said they thought the visit by history’s first American pope was about advancing the interests of the United States, or perhaps to press for the reopening of a Greek Orthodox religious seminary that has become a focal point in the push for religious freedoms in Turkey. Leo will pray with Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, spiritual leader of the world’s Orthodox Christians, at the site of the 325 AD gathering, today’s Iznik in northwestern Turkey, and sign a joint declaration in a visible sign of Christian unity. Francis visited him at the hospital, and a few months later he greatly angered Turkey in 2015 when he declared that the slaughter of Armenians by Ottoman Turks was “the first genocide of the 20th century.” Turkey, which has long denied a genocide took place, recalled its ambassador to the Holy See in protest.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/macys-thanksgiving-day-parade-set-kick-off-manhattan-127920524
Article: The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade is poised to kick off in New York City Volunteers pass a Spider-Man balloon during preparations for the 99th Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II) NEW YORK -- The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade kicks off Thursday in New York City, with new balloons depicting Buzz Lightyear and Pac-Man set to take to the skies and floats featuring Labubu and Lego gracing the streets. It's expected to be a chilly day in the city, with temperatures in the 40s, but wind gusts between 25 mph (40 kph) and 30 mph (48 kph) will make it feel colder, according to David Stark, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in New York. Officials are watching the forecast closely, since city law prohibits Macy’s from flying full-size balloons if sustained winds exceed 23 mph (37 kph) or wind gusts are over 35 mph (56 kph). She said at a news conference Wednesday that there were no known, specific, credible threats to the event, but as usual, thousands of police officers will be stationed along the route. Performers include “Wicked” star Cynthia Erivo, Conan Gray, Lainey Wilson, Foreigner, Lil Jon, and Audrey Nuna, EJAE and Rei Ami of HUNTR/X, the fictional girl group at the heart of this year's Netflix hit “KPop Demon Hunters." The Radio City Rockettes also will be there, as will cast members from Broadway's “Buena Vista Social Club,” “Just in Time” and “Ragtime." All told, the parade is expected to feature dozens of balloons, floats, clown groups and marching bands — all leading the way for Santa Claus. Among the new balloons being featured is a large onion carriage featuring eight characters from the world of “ Shrek.” “KPop Demon Hunters” will also be represented in the sky with the characters Derpy Tiger and Sussie.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/best-new-holiday-music-releases-2025-127839029
Article: This combination of cover images shows "It's Christmas" by Eric Benet, top row from left, "Snow Globe Town" by Brad Paisley, "Christmas in the City" by Pentatonix, "A Charlie Brown Christmas," "Feels Like Christmas" by Mickey Guyton, and "The Chess Records Christmas Album." (JBR Records/Mercury Nashville/Republic Records/Craft Recordings/MCA Nashville/Chess Records via AP) This combination of cover images shows "It's Christmas" by Eric Benet, top row from left, "Snow Globe Town" by Brad Paisley, "Christmas in the City" by Pentatonix, "A Charlie Brown Christmas," "Feels Like Christmas" by Mickey Guyton, and "The Chess Records Christmas Album." (JBR Records/Mercury Nashville/Republic Records/Craft Recordings/MCA Nashville/Chess Records via AP) This combination of cover images shows "It's Christmas" by Eric Benet, top row from left, "Snow Globe Town" by Brad Paisley, "Christmas in the City" by Pentatonix, "A Charlie Brown Christmas," "Feels Like Christmas" by Mickey Guyton, and "The Chess Records Christmas Album." (JBR Records/Mercury Nashville/Republic Records/Craft Recordings/MCA Nashville/Chess Records via AP) This combination of cover images shows "It's Christmas" by Eric Benet, top row from left, "Snow Globe Town" by Brad Paisley, "Christmas in the City" by Pentatonix, "A Charlie Brown Christmas," "Feels Like Christmas" by Mickey Guyton, and "The Chess Records Christmas Album." (JBR Records/Mercury Nashville/Republic Records/Craft Recordings/MCA Nashville/Chess Records via AP) NEW YORK -- NEW YORK (AP) — ‘Tis the season to put on some brand-new holiday music. Start with “Snowing in Paris,” which features the R & B-pop star JoJo, and end with “I’ve Got My Love to Keep Me Warm,” a never-before-heard recording of the Frank Sinatra classic featuring Ol' Blue Eyes himself. Just ahead of her Christmas tour, the country icon LeAnn Rimes released “Greatest Hits Christmas.” It's exactly what it sounds like: a mesh of classics and some of her best-known songs from her past holiday albums. There are also new collaborations, like Aloe Blacc on “That Spirit of Christmas” and Gavin DeGraw on “Celebrate Me Home.” Some things just make sense together: peanut butter and jelly, coffee and doughnuts, Brad Paisley and his touring band sitting down in Nashville to record a charming Christmas album. A new release, “Holidays,” like many on this list, features originals and covers — and a selection of songs from Flack’s classic “The Christmas Album.” It holds a special meaning this year. From her rendition of “O Holy Night” to her masterful take on “Do You Want to Build a Snowman?” from Disney's “Frozen” (sorry, parents!) there's a lot to love here. R & B singer Eric Benét's first holiday album, “It's Christmas,” is filled with warmth; consider it the sonic equivalent of curling up to a roaring fireplace on a snowy winter's evening. The release features everything from Chuck Berry's “Run Rudolph Run” and The Moonglows' “Hey Santa Claus” to Lenox Avenue's “Little Drummer Boy” and The Salem Travelers' “Merry Christmas to You.” Hunter Hayes is a newer name on the country scene than a few of the artists listed here, but that simply means he's a fresh voice to discover.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/trump-re-examine-afghan-nationals-biden-administration-national-guard-rcna246172
Article: “We must now re-examine every single alien who has entered our country from Afghanistan under Biden,” Trump said in an address Wednesday night in which he called the shooting an “act of terror.” Shortly after his remarks, U.S. “Effective immediately, processing of all immigration requests relating to Afghan nationals is stopped indefinitely pending further review of security and vetting protocols,” the agency, known as USCIS, said on X. “I cannot believe it that he might do this.” A source familiar with the case and a separate law enforcement source told NBC News that the suspect was granted asylum this year. It cites a finding by USCIS that the Biden administration “potentially prioritized expediency, quantity, and admissions over quality interviews and detailed screening and vetting.” The San Diego-based Afghan advocacy group #AfghanEvac, which works to ensure that Afghans who helped the U.S. “Afghan immigrants and wartime allies who resettle in the United States undergo some of the most extensive security vetting of any population entering the country,” Shawn VanDiver, the group’s president, said in a statement. The State Department’s inspector general’s office said in a June 2023 report that as of March of that year, 152,091 Afghan “Special Immigrant Visa” applicants in Afghanistan were waiting on processing. The White House says the protections are no longer needed because it is now safe to return to Afghanistan, which is experiencing multiple humanitarian crises and which Trump described as a “hellhole” in Wednesday’s address.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3e03z34j29o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Don't take my word for it: the Institute for Fiscal Studies says that "if an election were held tomorrow, the overall tax rises announced in this parliament would exceed those announced in any other since at least 1970." Rachel Reeves argues doing so means the government can do what party figures regard as "good Labour things" like the decision to scrap the two-child limit on the child element in Universal Credit. "The removal of the two-child limit will lift 450,000 children out of poverty, rising to around 550,000 alongside other measures announced this year, such as the expansion of free school meals," the government's Budget document proudly declares. There isn't universal support for it though on the Labour benches – there is an awareness that as popular an idea as it is for many within the party, opinion polls suggest maintaining the cap was popular too.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cdd560nvqqdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'This is no life': Security and long-held views shattered in south Lebanon amid Israeli strikes 7 minutes ago Share Save Hugo Bachega Middle East correspondent , Southern Lebanon Share Save Neha Sharma/BBC Last Friday, at around 19:00, an Israeli air strike hit a car in a village in southern Lebanon called Froun. This part of the country is the heartland of the Shia Muslim community, and for decades has been under the sway of Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shia militia and political party. "I don't want anyone." Neha Sharma/BBC The Israeli attack in Froun happened outside Mohamad Mokdad's house Israel says it is targeting Hezbollah and the group's efforts to recover after being severely weakened in the war. I travelled to southern Lebanon to see the impact of the Israeli campaign, and saw that the attacks had shattered people's sense of security and even some long-held views in areas where Hezbollah has traditionally enjoyed widespread support. Israel and Hezbollah have been fighting for decades, and this conflict started when Hezbollah began firing rockets and missiles over the border a day after Israel launched its war in Gaza in response to the Hamas-led attacks on 7 October 2023. The truce, brokered by the US and France, required Hezbollah to remove its fighters and weapons from the south of the Litani river, about 30km (20 miles) from the border with Israel, and Israeli troops to withdraw from areas of southern Lebanon that they invaded during the war. A year later, the Israeli military continues to occupy at least five hilltops in southern Lebanon and has carried out air and drone attacks across the country on targets it claims are linked to Hezbollah. Neha Sharma/BBC Lebanese communities along the border with Israel are still in ruins, and thousands of residents remain displaced Israeli officials say Hezbollah has been working to rebuild its military capabilities south of the Litani, which would be a violation of the ceasefire, and also tried to smuggle weapons into Lebanon while ramping up the production of explosive drones as an alternative to rockets and missiles. The group has not fired on Israel since the truce came into force, although it did launch several mortars that hit an Israeli army base in the disputed Mount Dov/Shebaa Farms area in the occupied Golan Heights in December, in response to what it said were repeated Israeli violations. Neha Sharma/BBC The map, issued by a spokesperson for the Israeli military, showing locations that were allegedly being used by Hezbollah in the village of Beit Lif Last week, Lt Col Avichay Adraee, the Arabic spokesman for the Israeli army, published on social media a warning for the Lebanese village of Beit Lif: Israel had detected "dozens of terrorist infrastructures" belonging to Hezbollah, and would act to remove any threat. (To travel to southern Lebanon, we had to inform Hezbollah's media office in Beirut; the group did not interfere in our reporting.) The village had a pre-war population of around 8,000; now, less than a third remains. The local imam, a 63-year-old man who did not want to have his name published, told me the Lebanese soldiers had arrived with Unifil troops, patrolled the streets and left after about five hours, before dawn. The Lebanese military has refused to inspect private properties, possibly in order not to be seen to be collaborating with Israel; in Beit Lif too, the imam said, they did not enter any houses. "Either to terrify the residents and force them to move," he said, "or to put pressure on the Lebanese army to confront people." Neha Sharma/BBC Haider said his house had been marked by the Israeli military as a building being used by Hezbollah, which he denied A man called Haider, whose family owned the house, insisted on taking me to visit it. He later said: "We want stability, we don't want war, or anything related to it." Just months ago, it would have been almost impossible to have a conversation like this or even talk to people without being approached by Hezbollah members. A Western diplomat familiar with the discussions told me the Lebanese authorities were under increasing pressure from the Trump administration, which was frustrated with the pace of the efforts and supported Israel's actions in Lebanon. The army, an intelligence officer told me, would then turn its attention to other parts of the country - Hezbollah's presence is also significant in the Dahieh and the eastern Bekaa Valley. Neha Sharma/BBC In Yaroun's main square, a banner remembered the late Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, killed in an Israeli air strike last year I drove on to the border village of Yaroun. Lebanese communities along the frontier are still in ruins - Lebanon's international partners have so far refused to fund reconstruction, in part because of the impasse over Hezbollah's disarmament - with the Israeli military enforcing a de facto buffer zone. In Yaroun's square, a billboard with a picture of the late Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, killed in an Israeli air strike in the Dahieh when the conflict escalated last year, remained largely intact.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c4g9zwwwxqzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "They are poorly made but look legitimate, and the pressure of Christmas, plus the increase in cost of living creates a greater consumer vulnerability and pushes people towards a cheaper alternative." And Chloe Long - deputy director general at the Anti-Counterfeiting Group - warns fake kits could even cause those wearing them to come out in a rash. "It could even cause more significant problems - particularly if harmful toxins or dyes are used to manufacture those products." Long has helped follow the supply chain of counterfeits, often originating from factories in China. They're not bound by the same legalities and regulations the genuine manufacturers are." Long says the counterfeiters have no morals, no standards, and the only thing they are motivated by is price.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/myanmars-military-rulers-grant-amnesty-to-thousands-ahead-of-election?traffic_source=rss
Article: Myanmar’s military rulers have pardoned or dropped charges against 8,665 people locked up for opposing the army rule as the country prepares for next month’s elections, according to state media. Myanmar’s military seized power in a 2021 coup that caused a civil war, but it has scheduled elections to start in December and trumpeted them as a return to normalcy for the Southeast Asian nation. Speaking on Wednesday before the amnesty was formally announced, Myanmar military government spokesperson Zaw Min Tun said the measures were designed to help all eligible voters cast their ballots “freely and fairly” on December 28. An official from Yangon’s Insein Prison, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorised to release information, told The Associated Press news agency on Thursday that prisoner releases would immediately begin, but he did not provide the numbers and names of inmates to be freed. Outside of Insein Prison, which for decades has served as the main place of detention for political prisoners, dozens of people gathered on Thursday morning to welcome friends and relatives who were being freed under an amnesty. Advertisement It was not immediately clear whether the prisoner release would include the 80-year-old former leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who has been held virtually incommunicado since the military’s seizure of power in February 2021. Critics have asserted that the election will be neither free nor fair because there is no free media and most of the leaders of Aung San Suu Kyi’s dissolved National League for Democracy party have been arrested. But “as expected” political prisoners are being used “for public relations purposes by Burmese military to try to build a fake narrative of reform” ahead of the polls, he added. Some 22,708 political detainees, including Aung San Suu Kyi, were in detention as of Wednesday, according to the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners, an independent organisation that keeps detailed tallies of arrests.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-barring-south-africa-participating-years-g20-summit-127907889
Article: President Donald Trump says he's barring South Africa from participating in the Group of 20 summit next year near Miami Trump says he's barring South Africa from participating in next year's G20 summit near Miami People walk by a large screen TV where South African President Cyril Ramaphosa holds a wooden gavel as he officially closes the G20 leaders' summit, in Johannesburg, South Africa, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Jerome Delay) People walk by a large screen TV where South African President Cyril Ramaphosa holds a wooden gavel as he officially closes the G20 leaders' summit, in Johannesburg, South Africa, Sunday, Nov. -- President Donald Trump said Wednesday that he is barring South Africa from participating in the Group of 20 summit next year at his Miami-area club and will stop all payments and subsidies to the country over its treatment of a U.S. “Therefore, at my direction, South Africa will NOT be receiving an invitation to the 2026 G20, which will be hosted in the Great City of Miami, Florida next year,” Trump posted on Truth Social. “South Africa has demonstrated to the World they are not a country worthy of Membership anywhere,” he said, “and we are going to stop all payments and subsidies to them, effective immediately.” South Africa said it considered the U.S. The ceremony instead happened at its Foreign Ministry building after the summit “as the United States was not present at the summit," a statement from South African President Cyril Ramaphosa's office said. The statement said Ramaphosa “noted the regrettable statement by President Donald Trump on South Africa’s participation in the 2026 G20 meetings.” It also pushed back against Trump's widely rejected claims that Afrikaner farmers are being killed and having their land taken away, saying that Trump “continues to apply punitive measures against South Africa based on misinformation and distortions about our country.” In some ways, Trump views next year's G20 summit as personal, given that he announced it will be at his golf club in Doral, Florida. The meeting's declaration, giving more attention to issues that affect developing countries, went unsigned by Washington, and the Trump administration expressed its opposition to South Africa’s agenda, especially the parts that focus on climate change. South Africa has been a target for Trump since he returned to office at the start of the year, with his administration casting the country as anti-American because of its diplomatic ties with China, Russia and Iran.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/macron-unveil-french-voluntary-military-service-127921690
Article: France is set to introduce voluntary military service to strengthen its armed forces against the background of growing concerns about Russia's threat to Europe FILE - French President Emmanuel Macron talks to soldiers as he visits an army base in Orleans, central France, Thursday, Jan. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena, File) PARIS -- President Emmanuel Macron will unveil a new national military service plan Thursday as France seeks to bolster its armed forces to address growing concerns over Russia's threat to European nations beyond the war in Ukraine. “The day that you send a signal of weakness to Russia — which for 10 years has made a strategic choice to become an imperial power again, that’s to say advance wherever we are weak — well, it will continue to advance,” he told radio RTL on Tuesday. Fabien Mandon, last week sent a warning about the nation’s need to get prepared to “lose its children” in the event of a potential conflict with Russia – words that prompted an outcry across the political spectrum. Belgium’s defense minister sent a letter this month to 17-year-olds to encourage them to sign up for a military service next year, with the aim to select 500 candidates between 18 and 25 to launch the program in September. Poland has recently started rolling out a new voluntary military training program and aims to train 100,000 volunteers per year from 2027 as it seeks to build an army of reservists with worries about Russia growing.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trump-barring-south-africa-participating-years-g20-summit-127907890
Article: President Donald Trump says he's barring South Africa from participating in the Group of 20 summit next year near Miami Trump says he's barring South Africa from participating in next year's G20 summit near Miami People walk by a large screen TV where South African President Cyril Ramaphosa holds a wooden gavel as he officially closes the G20 leaders' summit, in Johannesburg, South Africa, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Jerome Delay) People walk by a large screen TV where South African President Cyril Ramaphosa holds a wooden gavel as he officially closes the G20 leaders' summit, in Johannesburg, South Africa, Sunday, Nov. -- President Donald Trump said Wednesday that he is barring South Africa from participating in the Group of 20 summit next year at his Miami-area club and will stop all payments and subsidies to the country over its treatment of a U.S. “Therefore, at my direction, South Africa will NOT be receiving an invitation to the 2026 G20, which will be hosted in the Great City of Miami, Florida next year,” Trump posted on Truth Social. “South Africa has demonstrated to the World they are not a country worthy of Membership anywhere,” he said, “and we are going to stop all payments and subsidies to them, effective immediately.” South Africa said it considered the U.S. The ceremony instead happened at its Foreign Ministry building after the summit “as the United States was not present at the summit," a statement from South African President Cyril Ramaphosa's office said. The statement said Ramaphosa “noted the regrettable statement by President Donald Trump on South Africa’s participation in the 2026 G20 meetings.” It also pushed back against Trump's widely rejected claims that Afrikaner farmers are being killed and having their land taken away, saying that Trump “continues to apply punitive measures against South Africa based on misinformation and distortions about our country.” In some ways, Trump views next year's G20 summit as personal, given that he announced it will be at his golf club in Doral, Florida. The meeting's declaration, giving more attention to issues that affect developing countries, went unsigned by Washington, and the Trump administration expressed its opposition to South Africa’s agenda, especially the parts that focus on climate change. South Africa has been a target for Trump since he returned to office at the start of the year, with his administration casting the country as anti-American because of its diplomatic ties with China, Russia and Iran.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/black-friday-arrives-solid-momentum-despite-tariffs-economic-127921142
Article: Black Friday may no longer be the retail bacchanalia of years past, but the event still has enough enthusiasts to make it the biggest single shopping day in the U.S. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez) NEW YORK -- NEW YORK (AP) — Black Friday may no longer be the retail bacchanalia of years past, when the promise of one-time bargains caused people to leave Thanksgiving tables for malls where some customers got into fistfights over toys or TVs. economy fell this month to the lowest since April — when Trump announced his tariffs — in the aftermath of the government shutdown, weak hiring and stubborn inflation, according to a report The Conference Board issued Tuesday. “I did consider buying earlier this year, but I feel like some people made some pretty bad business decisions anticipating tariffs to have a bigger impact than they did.” Still, analysts and mall executives cited solid momentum heading into Black Friday week. “We're seeing a very positive start to the holiday season," said Jill Renslow, chief business development and marketing officer at the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, which plans to give gift cards and other giveaways to the first 250 customers who show up at 7 a.m. Market research firm Circana's retail tracking service examined various subcategories of general merchandise and found 40% of all general merchandise sold in September saw a price increase of at least 5% compared with the first four months of the year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/fire-killed-44-burns-hong-kong-towers-day-127920134
Article: Firefighters are battling one of Hong Kong’s deadliest modern blazes for a second day, fighting to control the fire that blackened several high-rise towers and killed at least 44 people Fire that killed at least 44 burns in Hong Kong towers for a second day Firefighters work to extinguish a fire which broke out Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) Firefighters work to extinguish a fire which broke out Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Firefighters battled one of Hong Kong's deadliest modern blazes for a second day Thursday, fighting to control the fire that blackened several high-rise towers and killed at least 44 people. The fire that started midafternoon Wednesday had spread across seven of the complex's eight buildings, and four of the towers were under control by morning, the city's fire services said. The fire started on the external scaffolding of a 32-story tower, then spread on the bamboo scaffolding and construction netting to the inside of the building and then to the other buildings, likely aided by windy conditions. Lee said separately on Thursday that officials will be carrying out immediate inspections of all housing estates across the city that are undergoing major renovation work to ensure scaffolding and construction materials meet safety standards.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-shares-rise-taking-cue-wall-streets-winning-127920126
Article: Asian shares are higher, taking their cue from Wall Street's rise A currency trader watches monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) A currency trader watches monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Wednesday, Nov. Gains were tempered by data that showed profits for the first ten months of 2025 at major Chinese industrial firms rose a lackluster 1.9% year-on-year, down from 3.2% growth in the previous period. In South Korea, the Kospi added 0.7% to 3,986.54 after the Bank of Korea also kept its policy rate unchanged at 2.5%, supporting financial stability amid a weakened currency and market concerns on rising housing prices. The market’s recent rebound, fueled by investor hopes for another Federal Reserve interest rate cut in December, has helped erase most of the major indexes’ losses following a bout of selling earlier this month. Robinhood Markets jumped 10.9% for the biggest gain among S & P 500 companies after the trading platform said it plans to roll out a futures and derivatives exchange next year to expand its predictions market business.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/black-friday-arrives-solid-momentum-despite-tariffs-economic-127921141
Article: Black Friday may no longer be the retail bacchanalia of years past, but the event still has enough enthusiasts to make it the biggest single shopping day in the U.S. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez) NEW YORK -- NEW YORK (AP) — Black Friday may no longer be the retail bacchanalia of years past, when the promise of one-time bargains caused people to leave Thanksgiving tables for malls where some customers got into fistfights over toys or TVs. economy fell this month to the lowest since April — when Trump announced his tariffs — in the aftermath of the government shutdown, weak hiring and stubborn inflation, according to a report The Conference Board issued Tuesday. “I did consider buying earlier this year, but I feel like some people made some pretty bad business decisions anticipating tariffs to have a bigger impact than they did.” Still, analysts and mall executives cited solid momentum heading into Black Friday week. “We're seeing a very positive start to the holiday season," said Jill Renslow, chief business development and marketing officer at the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, which plans to give gift cards and other giveaways to the first 250 customers who show up at 7 a.m. Market research firm Circana's retail tracking service examined various subcategories of general merchandise and found 40% of all general merchandise sold in September saw a price increase of at least 5% compared with the first four months of the year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/2-national-guard-members-shot-ambush-attack-blocks-127906665
Article: capital have been shot blocks from the White House in a brazen act of violence that the mayor characterized as a targeted attack 2 National Guard members shot in an ambush attack just blocks from the White House Emergency personnel keep a presence following the shooting of two National Guard soldiers near the White House, Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) WASHINGTON -- Two West Virginia National Guard members who deployed to the nation’s capital were shot Wednesday afternoon just blocks from the White House in a brazen act of violence that the mayor described as a targeted attack. The rare shooting of National Guard members, on the day before Thanksgiving, comes as the presence of the troops in the nation’s capital and other cities around the country has been a flashpoint issue for months, fueling court fights and a broader public policy debate about the Trump administration’s use of the military to combat what officials cast as an out-of-control crime problem. A suspect who was in custody also was shot and had wounds that were not believed to be life-threatening, according to a law enforcement official who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to AP on condition of anonymity. It has since faced intense scrutiny from Trump and his allies, congressional Republicans and some government watchdogs over gaps in the vetting process and the speed of admissions, even as advocates say it offered a lifeline to people at risk of Taliban reprisals. The suspect, who has been living in Washington state, has been identified by law enforcement officials as Rahmanullah Lakanwal, but authorities were still working to fully confirm his background, two law enforcement officials and a person familiar with the matter said. “It appears to be a lone gunman that raised a firearm and ambushed these members of the National Guard,” Carroll said, adding that it was not clear whether one of the guard members or a law enforcement officer shot the suspect. And we’re getting ready for the holidays?” Emma McDonald, who exited a metro station just after the shots were fired, said she and a friend sought safety with others in a cafe. “I think it’s a somber reminder that soldiers, whether they’re active duty, reserve or National Guard, our soldiers are the sword and the shield of the United States of America,” Vice President JD Vance said in Fort Campbell, Kentucky, where he delivered a Thanksgiving message to troops. Army Secretary Dan Driscoll said on social media that he visited the wounded National Guard members in the hospital and that his “heart breaks for them.” Trump issued an emergency order in August that federalized the local police force and sent in National Guard troops from eight states and the District of Columbia. Last week a federal judge ordered an end to the deployment, but she also put her order on hold for 21 days to allow the administration time to either remove the troops or appeal.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/dont-shooting-2-national-guard-members-dc-127921693
Article: The brazen daytime shooting of two National Guard members in the nation’s capital by a man described as an Afghan national has raised multiple questions What we do and don’t know about the shooting of 2 National Guard members in DC National Guard patrol on the National Mall near the U.S. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul) WASHINGTON -- The brazen daytime shooting of two National Guard members in the nation's capital by a man authorities said is an Afghan national has raised multiple questions. Here’s what we know so far, and what we don’t know: FBI Director Kash Patel and Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser said the two Guard members were hospitalized in critical condition. They belong to the West Virginia National Guard, which deployed hundreds of troops to the nation's capital as part of President Donald Trump's crime-fighting mission that involved taking over the local police department. Carroll said that it was not clear whether one of the Guard members or a law enforcement officer shot the suspect and that investigators so far had no information on a motive. Among those that partnered with federal agencies to sponsor the Afghan families was World Relief, a faith-based group that helped the refugees with finding housing, employment training and language classes as they settled in the Seattle area. A federal judge last week ordered an end to the Guard deployment but also put her order on hold for 21 days to allow the Trump administration time to either remove the troops or appeal.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/pope-leo-xivs-trip-turkey-lebanon-pontificate-127920554
Article: Pope Leo XIV’s first foreign trip, to Turkey and Lebanon, will be packed with opportunities to advance relations with two of the Catholic Church’s top priorities: Orthodox Christians and Muslims What to know about Pope Leo XIV's trip to Turkey and Lebanon, the first of his pontificate Pope Leo XIV delivers his speech during his weekly general audience in St. (AP Photo/Alessandra Tarantino) Pope Leo XIV’s first foreign trip, to Turkey and Lebanon, will be packed with opportunities to advance relations with two of the Catholic Church’s top priorities: Orthodox Christians and Muslims. It will also give history’s first American pope the spotlight to speak in broader terms about peace in the Middle East in languages much of the world can understand: He’ll speak exclusively in English while in Turkey, and a combination of English and French in Lebanon, in a departure from the Vatican’s traditional lingua franca of Italian. For the Vatican, Lebanon and its tradition of religious tolerance in the Middle East is a bulwark for Christians in the region, even more so after years of conflict and war that have shrunk Christian communities that date from the time of the Apostles. Turkey is a rare country that, with Leo’s visit, can boast of having been visited by the five popes of the modern globe-trotting papacy: Paul VI in 1967, John Paul II in 1979 in one of the first trips of his pontificate, Benedict XVI in 2006 and Francis in 2014. Paul VI also visited Lebanon during a stopover en route to India in 1964, John Paul II visited Lebanon in 1997 and Benedict XVI in 2012, in the final foreign trip of his pontificate. Leo will pray with Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, spiritual leader of the world’s Orthodox Christians, at the site of the 325 AD gathering, today’s Iznik in northwestern Turkey, and sign a joint declaration in a visible sign of Christian unity. Paolo Pugliese, superior of the Capuchin Catholic friars in Turkey, said the commemoration of the Council of Nicaea – which gave birth to the creed still recited by Christians today – would send a powerful message of unity. In July 2020, Turkey converted Hagia Sophia — once one of the most important historic cathedrals in Christianity and a United Nations-designated world heritage site — from a museum back into a mosque, a move that drew widespread international criticism. Clergy in the region say the Vatican’s strong support for Palestinians in Gaza during the Israel-Hamas war, first under Francis and now Leo, has bolstered the church’s credibility among Muslims. ­Monsignor César Essayan, the apostolic vicar of Beirut for Latin rite Catholics, said Lebanon was the safest place in the region for Leo to visit and a perfect place for him to speak about peace. “And here offers him the singularity and this vocation that will allow him to go with a very strong message (of peace) for the whole world.” The highlight of the Lebanese visit will come on Leo’s last day, Dec.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/dominican-republic-authorizes-flights-tourists-rerouted-hurricane-melissa-127918487
Article: The Dominican Republic has authorized the arrival of 800 new flights to accommodate a surge in tourists who were originally planning to vacation in Jamaica and other nearby islands but were rerouted following the devastation of Hurricane Melissa By MARTÍN ADAMES Associated Press and DÁNICA COTO Associated Press FILE - Residents walk through Lacovia Tombstone, Jamaica, in the aftermath of Hurricane Melissa, Wednesday, Oct. (AP Photo/Matias Delacroix, File) SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic -- The Dominican Republic has authorized the arrival of 800 new flights to accommodate a surge in tourists who were originally planning to vacation in Jamaica and other nearby islands but were rerouted following the devastation of Hurricane Melissa. “This will have a positive impact on hotel occupancy in the Dominican Republic, and Dominican hotels have the capacity to receive that influx,” said Nairobi Santos, spokesperson for the country's Association of Hotels and Tourism. “We authorized 800 flights in one fell swoop because all that tourism that was going to Jamaica, the Dominican Republic will benefit,” Héctor Porcella, president of the country’s Civil Aviation Board, told reporters this week. He lamented the disaster that the Category 5 storm unleashed in the northern Caribbean last month, noting that the impact was especially hard in Jamaica, the Bahamas, Cuba and Haiti. As the Dominican Republic prepares for a higher-than-normal influx of visitors, Jamaica is struggling to recover from Hurricane Melissa after it made landfall in the western part of the island on Oct. Melissa ravaged Jamaica’s western region, with 76% of the power grid operational as of Wednesday, nearly a month after the storm hit, said Alvin Gayle, director of the island’s emergency management office.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/cnbc-inside-india-newsletter-labor-code-growth-worker-welfare.html
Article: The big story India lives in contradictions — think landing a spacecraft on moon but not getting basic infrastructure right, or being the world's fastest growing economy that has millions struggling to make ends meet. Last Friday, when the Indian government announced labor reforms, consolidating 29 separate labor laws into four comprehensive codes, it attempted to address these incongruities — balancing business interests with employee welfare. Nurphoto | Nurphoto | Getty Images The implementation of labor codes is the second big reform from the Indian government in less than 90 days, as it strives to boost an economy facing headwinds from U.S. Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a post on X hailed the measures, saying the new codes "will build a future-ready ecosystem that protects the rights of workers and strengthens India's economic growth." The reform is important for India as it addresses the problem of labor rigidity due to which "firms find it expensive to grow," unable to benefit from economies of scale, HSBC said in a note on Wednesday. "Global companies would like to expand domestic manufacturing in India and sourcing from India," said Richard Rossow, senior advisor and chair, India and Emerging Asia Economics, at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "The compliance leap from informal to formal will now be easier, as the ease of maintaining registers and filling forms reduces the tyranny of a corrupt and rent-seeking bureaucracy." Under the new policy, gig workers will gain access to social security benefits, and startups will be required to allocate up to 2% of their turnover toward building a social security net for these workers. On the flip side, according to a report by Nomura Research, the code makes it easier to retrench workers and "harder for workers to legally conduct strikes." On Wednesday, trade unions backed by opposition political parties organized sporadic protest across the country, calling for a roll back of the reforms. Sanjeeva Reddy, president of the Indian National Trade Union Congress, who led a protest in Hyderabad, a major IT hub in India, told CNBC they want the reforms to be repealed, claiming the measures were "unilaterally approved by the government." India's Ministry of Labor and Employment did not respond to CNBC's request for comments. "While the codes aim to create a unified national framework, states retain the power to frame many operational rules," said Preeti Sharma, partner, global employer services at business advisory firm BDO India. Each state could implement the code differently and it "may be an initial headache for employers" but that is likely to be a transitory issue, said Arjun Paleri, partner at Mumbai-based law firm BTG Advaya. Over the last few years, India has seen a steep rise in the number of startups that employ gig workers for food and goods delivery, quick commerce, personal concierge and home services. According to government estimates, the number of gig workers in India is expected to rise to 23.5 million by fiscal year 2030, from about 10 million in fiscal year 2025. "The e-commerce industries are going to get impacted heavily with much higher running costs given formal recognition of gig workers and platform workers," said Gerald Manoharan, partner at legal firm JSA. "Labour cost already makes up close to 25%-30% of our overall project cost," said Sujay Kalele, founder and CEO of Mumbai-based real estate firm Tru Realty, adding that his firm is expecting baseline labor cost to increase by 5%-10% over the next 18 months. Top TV picks on CNBC watch now Sumit Ritolia, lead research analyst at Kpler, said that Indian refiners will be adjusting their purchases of Russian oil rather than stopping them entirely. watch now Tan Teck Leng, UBS Global Wealth Management's executive director and APAC FX and macro strategist, said that his base case is for the Reserve Bank of India to cut rates one more time. watch now Aditya Suresh, Macquarie Capital's head of India equity research, expects the country's quick-commerce companies to suffer to losses for "several years," beyond the one-year horizon that other analysts expect. Despite the recent crash of the India-made Tejas fighter jet at an airshow in Dubai, investors are bullish on New Delhi's defense ambitions as the country seeks to double its military production to 3 trillion rupees (about $33 billion) by 2029. The law, enacted in 2024, allows India's Competition Commission to use a company's global turnover while imposing fines and it could expose the iPhone maker to a penalty of up to $38 billion, according to a report by Reuters.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/national-guardsmen-shot-in-washington-dc-what-happened-whos-the-suspect?traffic_source=rss
Article: Recommended Stories list of 1 item list 1 of 1 Two US National Guardsmen injured in Washington, DC, shooting end of list The shooting occurred just one day before the Thanksgiving holiday in a busy tourist area. The National Guard is a reserve branch of the US military that can be called up during emergencies at home, such as natural disasters or civil unrest, and can also support missions overseas. The area, where lampposts are wrapped in wreaths and bows for the holiday season, is flanked by fast-casual restaurants and a coffee shop, as well as two stops on the Washington metro system. Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said Lakanwal arrived in the US from Afghanistan in September 2021 through Operation Allies Welcome – a programme launched under the Joe Biden administration to resettle Afghans after the Taliban regained control following the US withdrawal. “I can report tonight that based on the best available information, the Department of Homeland Security is confident that the suspect in custody is a foreigner who entered our country from Afghanistan – a hellhole on Earth,” Trump said in a video message. The suspect who shot our brave National Guardsmen is an Afghan national who was one of the many unvetted, mass paroled into the United States under Operation Allies Welcome on September 8, 2021, under the Biden Administration. US Citizenship and Immigration Services said it is pausing the processing of all Afghan immigration requests “pending further review of security and vetting protocols.” Separately, Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth announced that an additional 500 National Guard members, from a state yet to be named, would be sent to Washington, DC, to bolster security and reassure the public. President Trump delivers remarks on the horrific attack on the Great National Guard Warriors https://t.co/xDxRzJENU0 — The White House (@WhiteHouse) November 27, 2025 Shawn VanDiver, president of #AfghanEvac, a coalition that assists Afghans seeking to immigrate, said the organisation believes that the attacker should face “full accountability and prosecution”. — Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) November 26, 2025 Former US President Barack Obama shared a post on social media condemning the attack, and saying, “Violence has no place in America.” Violence has no place in America. Michelle and I are praying for the servicemembers shot in Washington, DC today, and send our love to their families as they enter this holiday season under the most tragic of circumstances. — Barack Obama (@BarackObama) November 27, 2025 General Steven Nordhaus, the head of the National Guard, said he was returning to Washington, DC, from Guantanamo Bay, which he was visiting to spend Thanksgiving with US troops at the military base.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/europes-slow-and-steady-approach-to-ai-could-be-its-edge.html
Article: But the very factors that challenge its growth as a major player may yet give it an edge when it comes to future-proofing the critical warehouses that power the AI boom. The world is racing to double, if not triple, the entire data center capacity that has been built over the last forty years, Pankaj Sachdeva told CNBC, McKinsey senior partner in technology, with McKinsey estimating that build-out will cost up to $7 trillion by 2030. On the losing side is again Germany, the U.K., Ireland and the Netherlands, "where, basically either we just don't have the grid capacity right now or we've got such a shortage in the system that there's effectively a moratorium for the foreseeable future," Jags Walia, head of global listed infrastructure at Van Lanschot Kempen told CNBC. has like 5,400." Constraints are resulting in some a diversification away from the traditional FLAP-D markets of Frankfurt, London, Amsterdam, Paris, and Dublin, and driving investment in data centers where resources are plentiful and stable. Where Europe, from my perspective, stands out as quite interesting is it feels like a much more safer investment case Seb Dooley Senior Fund Manager at Principal Asset Management There have also been some efforts to develop projects faster. A powerful bottleneck Energy consumption from power-hungry data centers could more than double to 1,000 terawatt-hours (TWh) in 2026, up from 460 TWh in 2022 and largely driven by AI, per the International Energy Agency. At the same time, the steady pace of change allows developers to be more deliberate about what they build, where, and how — meaning Europe could put greater emphasis on state-of-the-art facilities. The quickest way for Europe to get around these challenges is not to wait on new grid connection but to say 'where do I currently have good grid connection to an industry in decline?', Walia said, as such sites can be repurposed from industrial to tech hubs. The opportunity in AI inference It's unlikely that Europe will lead in building facilities for AI hyperscalers or for the training of AI — that race is considered all but won — but the general consensus is that it could excel in smaller, cloud-focused and connectivity-style facilities that require huge amounts of fiber going in and out of them, as well those designed for AI inference. As such, the continent isn't seeing "too many" massive data center sites being announced relating to AI, nor "the slightly overpriced nature" of them, according to Seb Dooley, senior fund manager at Principal Asset Management. Zoom In Icon Arrows pointing outwards It is largely driven by AI, but non-AI workloads are also expected to tick upwards Principal Asset Management expects AI inference to take place in the same facilities as cloud, which has already happened at some of its U.S. However, it has different technical requirements; density tends to be higher than the 20 kilowatts a rack for traditional cloud, meaning data centers that want to do both must factor that in. "That just means that you have to design these facilities to be sort of flexible and robust so that you can change between the two different systems as requirements change, Dooley added. The risk of stranded assets The pace of AI development has led to widespread chatter of a bubble, which would result in piles of stranded assets if it were to pop. If AI keeps its cadence, which many believe it will, there is still a risk that data centers built today won't be suitable in the future as AI's technical needs will change. But Dooley expects that tight regulations will work in Europe's favor in the long-run, as data centers will be integrated into local communities "rather than just being a complete blight on everyone's life that they can sometimes be," he said, noting that sustainability is one area where the bloc has been "very good at innovating."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/cnbc-daily-open-thanksgiving-cheer-comes-a-day-early-for-us-markets.html
Article: Shares of Oracle , which have been hobbling along in November after wiping out its one-day spike in September, advanced roughly 4% after Deutsche Bank said that its recent price pullback "presents an attractive entry point for investors when looking at Oracle's business in totality." Other technology and AI-related stocks, such as Nvidia and Microsoft , rose in sympathy. "If the Fed disappoints, you could have a sell-off," Diton said — but added, "I don't think they will." And if White House National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett does assume the role of Fed chair when Jerome Powell vacates his seat, rates could trend even lower in the future, wrote Bank of America economist Aditya Bhave.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/pope-leo-heads-to-turkiye-lebanon-in-first-foreign-trip-as-catholic?traffic_source=rss
Article: Pope Leo has embarked on his first foreign trip as Catholic leader with a visit to two Muslim-majority countries of Turkiye and Lebanon, where he is expected to make appeals for peace in the Middle East, ravaged by conflicts, and urge unity among long-divided Christian churches. The pontiff, who has a crowded three-day itinerary in Turkiye starting on Thursday, before heading on to Lebanon, will be closely watched as he makes his first speeches overseas and visits sensitive cultural sites. Leo, 70, was scheduled to depart with his entourage from Rome’s Fiumicino airport at about 06:40 GMT on Thursday, and will first visit the Turkish capital, Ankara, where he will meet President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and address political leaders. The first pontiff from the United States has chosen Turkiye as his first overseas destination to mark the 1,700th anniversary of a landmark early church council there that produced the Nicene Creed, still used by most of the world’s Christians today. Advertisement After a brief visit in Ankara, Leo is also scheduled to fly on Thursday evening to Istanbul, which was also previously known as Constantinople, the capital of the Roman Empire. L'arrivo allo scalo romano di Fiumicino dove con un volo Ita Airways giungerà ad Ankara pic.twitter.com/yHd6oMWLkx — Vatican News (@vaticannews_it) November 27, 2025 [Translation: Pope Leo to depart for Turkiye for his first apostolic trip. He is seen arriving at Rome’s Fiumicino airport, from where he will take an Italian Airways flight to Ankara.] In Istanbul, the city’s largest Catholic church at St Anthony Padua Parish, preparations are under way to welcome Leo, who is only the fifth pope to visit Turkiye, after Paul VI in 1967, John Paul II in 1979, Benedict XVI in 2006 and Francis in 2014. On Friday, Leo and Bartholomew will travel to Iznik, 140km (90 miles) southeast of Istanbul and once called Nicaea, where early churchmen formulated the Nicene Creed, which lays out what remain the core beliefs of most Christians today. On Sunday, Leo will head to religiously diverse Lebanon, a nation that has been crushed by a devastating economic and political crisis since 2019 and which has been the target of repeated bombings by Israel in near-daily violations of a ceasefire with Hezbollah that was agreed one year ago to end the war.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/indonesia-races-to-evacuate-sumatra-residents-as-flood-deaths-soar-to?traffic_source=rss
Article: Floods and landslides brought about by torrential rain in Indonesia’s North Sumatra province have killed at least 34 people, authorities said, with rescue efforts hampered by what an official described as a “total cutoff” of roads and communications. A rare tropical cyclone blew across Indonesia’s Sumatra island, inundating the nearby Malacca Strait and causing floods and landslides, the country’s meteorological agency said on Wednesday, as large swaths of Southeast Asia grappled with deadly flooding. Up to 8,000 people across North Sumatra have been evacuated, and roads remain blocked by landslide debris, with aid now being distributed via helicopters, Abdul Muhari, spokesperson for the country’s disaster mitigation agency, said on Thursday. The regions of Sibolga and Central Tapanuli were among the hardest hit, Yuyun Karseno, an official at the agency’s North Sumatra division, told the Reuters news agency, adding that communications and power had been cut off.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/27/fifa-arab-cup-qatar-2025-full-match-schedule-teams-groups-and-format?traffic_source=rss
Article: Here are the details on the teams, groups, format, match fixtures, kickoff times and venues for FIFA Arab Cup 2025: Teams and groups ⚽ Group A: Qatar, Tunisia, Syria, Palestine ⚽ Group B: Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Comoros ⚽ Group C: Egypt, Jordan, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait ⚽ Group D: Algeria, Iraq, Bahrain, Sudan Format The top two teams in each group will qualify for the knockout stage, which features the quarterfinals, semifinals and the final. Match schedule ⚽ Group Stage December 1 Group A: Tunisia vs Syria (Ahmad bin Ali Stadium, 4:00 pm/13:00 GMT) Group A: Qatar vs Palestine (Al Bayt Stadium, 7:30 pm/16:30 GMT) Advertisement December 2 Group B: Morocco vs Comoros (Khalifa International Stadium, 3pm/12:00 GMT) Group C: Egypt vs Kuwait (Lusail Stadium, 5:30 pm/14:30 GMT) Group B: Saudi Arabia vs Oman (Education City Stadium, 8 pm/17:00 GMT) December 3 Group D: Algeria vs Sudan (Ahmad bin Ali Stadium, 3pm/12:00 GMT) Group D: Iraq vs Bahrain (Stadium 974, 5:30pm/14:30 GMT) Group C: Jordan vs United Arab Emirates (Al Bayt Stadium, 8pm/17:00 GMT) December 4 Group A: Palestine vs Tunisia (Lusail Stadium, 5:30 pm/14:30 GMT) Group A: Syria vs Qatar (Khalifa International Stadium, 8pm/17:00 GMT) December 5 Group B: Oman vs Morocco (Education City Stadium, 5:30pm/14:30 GMT) Group B: Comoros vs Saudi Arabia (Al Bayt Stadium, 8pm/17:00 GMT) December 6 Group C: Kuwait vs Jordan (Ahmad bin Ali Stadium, 2pm/11:00 GMT) Group D: Bahrain vs Algeria (Khalifa International Stadium, 4:30pm/13:30 GMT) Group D: Sudan vs Iraq (Stadium 974, 7pm/16:00 GMT) Group C: United Arab Emirates vs Egypt (Lusail Stadium, 9:30pm/18:30 GMT) December 7 Group A: Qatar vs Tunisia (Al Bayt Stadium, 8pm/17:00 GMT) Group A: Syria vs Palestine (Education City Stadium, 8pm/17:00 GMT) December 8 Group B: Morocco vs Saudi Arabia (Lusail Stadium, 8pm/17:00 GMT) Group B: Oman vs Comoros (Stadium 974, 8pm/17:00 GMT) December 9 Group C: Egypt vs Jordan (Al Bayt Stadium, 5:30pm/14:30 GMT) Group C: United Arab Emirates vs Kuwait (Stadium 974, 5:30pm/14:30 GMT) Group D: Algeria vs Iraq (Khalifa International Stadium, 8pm/17:00 GMT) Group D: Bahrain vs Sudan (Education City Stadium, 8pm/17:00 GMT) Rest day on December 10 ⚽ Quarterfinals December 11 Quarterfinal 1 (Khalifa International Stadium, 5:30pm/14:30 GMT) Quarterfinal 2 (Lusail Stadium, 8:30pm/17:30 GMT) December 12 Quarterfinal 3 (Education City Stadium, 5:30pm/14:30 GMT) Quarterfinal 4 (Al Bayt Stadium, 8:30pm/17:30 GMT) Rest days on December 13 and 14 ⚽ Semifinals December 15 Semifinal 1 (Khalifa International Stadium, 5:30pm/14:30 GMT) Semifinal 2 (Al Bayt Stadium, 8:30pm/17:30 GMT) Rest days on December 16 and 17 ⚽Third place playoff December 18 (Khalifa International Stadium, 2pm/11:00 GMT) ⚽ Final December 18 Final (Lusail Stadium, Lusail, 7pm/16:00 GMT)

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/israel-escalates-aerial-assault-of-southern-central-gaza-past-yellow-line?traffic_source=rss
Article: Israeli forces have carried out a series of air strikes in southern and central Gaza, including in areas beyond the so-called yellow line where they are supposed to remain withdrawn under the ceasefire deal they have repeatedly violated, as Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza continues unabated. They also come as Israel’s military carried out another wave of raids and arrests across the occupied West Bank, including in the areas of Qalqilya, Tubas, Hebron, Tulkarem and Nablus. During their raid in Tubas, Israeli forces conducted field interrogations and assaulted at least 25 people who required medical treatment, according to a local Palestinian Red Crescent official cited by the Wafa news agency. More Palestinian prisoners released The first stage of the Gaza truce moved closer to completion on Wednesday after Israel transferred the bodies of 15 Palestinian prisoners to Gaza authorities, a day after Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad handed over the body of another Israeli captive. Hamas spokesman Hazem Qassem said the latest handover shows the group’s “steadfast commitment to fully complete the exchange process and its ongoing efforts to finalise it despite significant difficulties.” Advertisement Israel for its part, has freed nearly 2,000 Palestinian prisoners and returned the bodies of 345 Palestinian prisoners, many of which show signs of torture, mutilation and execution. But the ceasefire continues to face major hurdles, including the presence of dozens of Hamas fighters trapped in tunnels on the Israeli-occupied side of the yellow line in southern Gaza – 20 of whom Israel says it has killed over the past week. “We hold (Israel) fully responsible for the lives of our fighters and call upon our mediators to take immediate action to pressure (Israel) to allow our sons to return home,” Hamas said in a statement. Meanwhile, discussions are underway on how to transition to the second phase of the ceasefire, which is to include deploying an armed International Stabilisation Force, tasked with demilitarising Gaza, and developing an international body to temporarily govern the strip and oversee reconstruction. “Until this moment, Israel has not given up on its plan to ethnically cleanse Gaza,” said Muhammad Shehada, visiting fellow with the European Council on Foreign Relations Middle East and North Africa programme, told Al Jazeera. “Either Gaza stays permanently as a refugee camp in ruins that is unlivable, uninhabitable, and that sustains conditions that are designed to bring about collapse to life there … or Hamas retaliates and Israel uses it as an excuse to resume the genocide.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/pope-leo-xiv-opens-foreign-trip-visit-turkey-127923511
Article: Pope Leo XIV has landed in Turkey on his first foreign trip By NICOLE WINFIELD Associated Press , SERRA YEDIKARDES Associated Press , and SUZAN FRASER Associated Press Muslims pray at the Ottoman-era Sultan Ahmed or Blue Mosque, in Istanbul, Turkey, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Francisco Seco) ANKARA -- Pope Leo XIV arrived in Turkey on Thursday on his first foreign trip, fulfilling Pope Francis’ plans to mark an important Orthodox anniversary and bring a message of peace to the region at a crucial time in efforts to end the war in Ukraine and ease Mideast tensions. VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Leo XIV is heading to Turkey on Thursday on his first foreign trip, fulfilling the late Pope Francis’ plans to mark an important Orthodox anniversary and bring a message of peace to the region at a crucial time for efforts to end the war in Ukraine and ease Mideast tensions. Leo’s visit comes as Turkey, a country of more than 85 million people of predominantly Sunni Muslims, has cast itself as a key intermediary in peace negotiations for the conflicts in Ukraine and Gaza. Ankara has hosted rounds of low-level talks between Russia and Ukraine and has offered to take part in the stabilization force in Gaza to help uphold the fragile ceasefire, engagements Leo may applaud in his arrival speech. Turkey’s growing military weight, as NATO’s largest army after the U.S., has been drawing Western leaders closer to Erdogan even as critics warn of his crackdown on the country’s main opposition party. Though support for Palestinians and an end to the war in Ukraine is widespread in Turkey, for Turks who face an ongoing cost-of-living crisis, owing to market turmoil induced by shake-ups in domestic politics, international politics is a secondary concern. “It would be good if he called for peace in the world, but I don’t think it will change anything." Some said they thought the visit by history’s first American pope was about advancing the interests of the United States, or perhaps to press for the reopening of a Greek Orthodox religious seminary that has become a focal point in the push for religious freedoms in Turkey. Leo will pray with Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, spiritual leader of the world’s Orthodox Christians, at the site of the 325 AD gathering, today’s Iznik in northwestern Turkey, and sign a joint declaration in a visible sign of Christian unity. Francis visited him at the hospital, and a few months later he greatly angered Turkey in 2015 when he declared that the slaughter of Armenians by Ottoman Turks was “the first genocide of the 20th century.” Turkey, which has long denied a genocide took place, recalled its ambassador to the Holy See in protest.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cq8dq47j5y8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: South Africa hits back after Trump says US won't invite it for G20 next year Ramaphosa said the US skipped the G20 leaders summit out of its own volition Members of the G20 – a gathering of the world's biggest economies - do not need an invite but can possibly be barred through visa restrictions. "Therefore, at my direction, South Africa will NOT be receiving an invitation to the 2026 G20, which will be hosted in the Great City of Miami, Florida next year." In a social media post, Trump said South Africa had refused to hand over the G20 presidency to a US embassy representative at last week's summit in Johannesburg. South Africa's President Cyril Ramaphosa has described as "regrettable" the announcement by US President Donald Trump that South Africa would not be invited to take part in next year's G20 summit in Florida. Ramaphosa said in a statement that the US had been expected to participate in the G20 meetings, "but unfortunately, it elected not to attend the G20 Leaders Summit in Johannesburg out of its own volition". He said that since the US delegation was not there, "instruments of the G20 Presidency were duly handover to a US Embassy official at the Headquarters of South Africa's Department of International Relations and Cooperation". He has in the past claimed that a white genocide was taking place in South Africa, and on Wednesday he said the government was "killing white people and randomly allowing their farms to be taken from them". Ramaphosa said it was regrettable that despite efforts to reset relations with the US, Trump continued "to apply punitive measures against South Africa based on misinformation and distortions about our country". In the Truth Social post on Wednesday, Trump said South Africa had "demonstrated to the world they were not a country worthy of membership anywhere" and announced a stop to "all payments and subsidies to them, effective immediately".

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/m002mpbk?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: After the COP climate summit in Brazil ended without new targets to reduce the use of fossil fuels, he wants the UK government to lead a global emergency action plan as it did in World War Two and during the 2008 financial crisis to address what he calls climate and nature breakdown. (00:06:27) The scale of the climate crisis (00:09:22) What he wants the UK government to do (00:12:23) Why climate change has fallen down the political agenda (00:14:52) Short term vs long term decisions (00:20:26) Are net zero policies working? (00:33:55) Environmentalism as a form of misanthropy (00:40:14) Radical solutions (00:44:02) What Chris does to help the environment (00:45:40) Why he thinks he and other conservationists have failed (00:48:01) What individuals can do (00:57:38) The price he’s paid for his campaigning (00:59:55) Neurodiversity (01:02:38) Amol’s reflections GET IN TOUCH * WhatsApp: 0330 123 9480 * Email: radical@bbc.co.uk Episodes of Radical with Amol Rajan are released every Thursday and you can also watch them on BBC iPlayer: https://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episodes/m002f1d0/radical-with-amol-rajan Amol Rajan is a presenter of the Today programme on BBC Radio 4.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5619587/holiday-spending-cutbacks-snap-job-losses
Article: For many, the holidays this year means having to make do with less toggle caption Brandon Bell/Getty Images Many families across the country expect the holidays to be more costly this year, leaving them with less of what the season is all about: family and food. "With inflation and the cost of eggs and cheese and all that stuff, it's so ridiculous." He and his wife, India, came to the store to shop, but not for themselves. "You're starting to see an uptick in violence, especially domestic violence, and a lot of substance use, because they're just overwhelmed." toggle caption Tovia Smith/NPR In New York City, Queens resident Rosetta Savannah is facing her own challenges. toggle caption Jacob Schippell But earlier this year, her job with the National Science Foundation was one of the many eliminated by the Department of Government Efficiency, which President Trump created by executive order on his first day in office. Sponsor Message Green, who has spent her career researching how to improve educational outcomes for disadvantaged students, set up a scholarship fund this fall to help students who are as close to graduating as they are to running out of money.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5622020/mouse-armor-artist-jeff-de-boer
Article: Sponsor Message From ancient knights to armored mice toggle caption Chona Kasinger/for NPR de Boer's early interest in suits of armor was not just aesthetic – but also about what they did. Mouse armor for all toggle caption Chona Kasinger/for NPR He also teaches the occasional class in mouse armor construction, where students from a range of backgrounds learn everything from creating molds to punching and shaping metal to the science of forging and soldering. Sponsor Message At a recent master class at Pratt Fine Arts Center in Seattle, students included video game designer Thiago Vidotto, who came to learn the real-world construction techniques that could make his virtual armored characters more believable. "So you have to learn where you can add the distress, where it could be a problem." Student Laurie Raubacher signed up because, as a new artist, she wanted to improve her metalwork technique. "Like, it's just there to be enjoyed." De Boer hopes that reviving this ancient art to create these tiny metal-clad mice will bring enjoyment and delight – and possibly inspire people to suit up and slay their own dragons.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5607073/mamdani-and-trump-made-nice-nyc-immigrants-are-still-on-edge
Article: The next day's New York Post cover read "I love you Mam." Sponsor Message But many New Yorkers say they're taking it all with a grain of salt and remaining on guard. "You don't know what's real anymore." What she does know is that she's seen an uptick in immigration enforcement recently, which is why she asked that NPR withhold her name. A few weeks ago, a little after setting up, she says several ICE agents jumped out of an unmarked car in pursuit of two workers who'd just bought something to eat. But a source close to his transition team who spoke on condition of anonymity told NPR that Mamdani is exploring legal strategies at the local level to limit Trump's actions in New York City, including muscling up the NYC Law Department by adding 200 attorneys. toggle caption Jasmine Garsd/NPR Congressman Patrick Ryan of the Hudson Valley, a Democrat whose district includes some of New York City's northern suburbs, told NPR that one of the lessons from Chicago and LA is that states can successfully challenge the administration in court. Many of them, she says, see this as "the next pandemic." toggle caption Jasmine Garsd/NPR The organization is, in fact, leaning in on pandemic-era strategies for vendors who are scared to work on the streets during immigration raids. "We have a catering program for example, where people can reach out to us, and we'll connect them to a vendor for catering their event." Sponsor Message She says, something the new mayor could do is make it easier for street vendors to operate — which Mamdani has said he will prioritize .

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/11/27/beirut-attacks-leaves-lebanon-worried-and-waiting-for-another-israeli-war?traffic_source=rss
Article: Beirut, Lebanon – In the Palestinian refugee camp of Burj al-Barajneh, two men stood on opposite balconies, discussing the recent Israeli attack that killed a senior Hezbollah operative just over a kilometre away from where they were standing. Last November’s ceasefire between Hezbollah and Israel, after a year of conflict, brought a reprieve for many here, even though Israeli attacks continue across the south and parts of eastern Lebanon’s Bekaa Valley. Standing on his balcony, a man in his mid-30s called over to his neighbour, “Do you think they’ll launch a wider war?” The other, a stocky man with greying hair, shrugged with uncertainty. Israel has not withdrawn from at least five points it occupies in south Lebanon, nor has it stopped its near-daily attacks on the country’s territory, killing more than 120 civilians since last year’s ceasefire was announced. In addition to its losses as an organisation, Lebanon’s Shia Muslim population, the sect from which it derives the majority of its support, also suffered from the indiscriminate nature of Israel’s attacks, and many fear the return of the war. Advertisement Still, Ali and others said the recent Israeli attack on Lebanon’s largest refugee camp, Ein el-Hilweh, that killed 13 people, including 11 children, had people speculating that Israel could target other camps, including Burj al-Barajneh.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c7836wvx4q4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Extraordinary discovery' at Orkney Neolithic site 4 hours ago Share Save Share Save Scott Pike The Ness of Brodgar lies on a narrow strip of land between two Orkney lochs Archaeologists are to resume digging at the Ness of Brodgar on Orkney after 3D radar technology led to an "extraordinary discovery". The dig team at the Ness, one of the most important Neolithic sites in the British Isles, are not revealing what they believe the find to be until more work is done. Hugo Anderson Whymark The buildings previously unearthed date back as far as 3,500BC, with "Structure 12" built about 3,100BC The digs uncovered 40 structures making up a cluster of buildings which showed it was a significant settlement in prehistoric Orkney. The only clue from the excavation team is that Ness is "a site that can be seen to be defined by straight lines and rectangular forms, from the architecture down to the art". Archaeologist Nick Card - who worked on the digs from 2004 and will return for the latest work - told the BBC's Radio Scotland Breakfast programme: "We think this is so unusual that it could add a new chapter to the history of the Ness. Possibly it is not Neolithic, I think probably later, but it could be contemporary." Archaeologist Nick Card said the latest discovery was unlike anything previously found at the Ness The Ness lies just south-east of the Ring of Brodgar, the neolithic stone circle which can be seen as Orkney's version of Stonehenge.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy5g37wvp07o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Biffy Clyro 'angry' as visa error delays US tour 28 minutes ago Share Save Mark Savage Music correspondent Share Save BBC Singer Simon Neil apologised to the band's US fans in an Instagram video Scottish rock band Biffy Clyro have postponed their US tour less than a week before it was due to begin, due to a mix-up in their visas. "Some [expletive] genius put the wrong start date into our work visa, so when we received our visas in the last couple of days, we realised it doesn't begin until after our tour is meant to finish," he said in an Instagram video, adding: "We are so angry about this." "We've been in touch with four or five immigration lawyers, we've been in touch with Congress.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/clydvx3w248o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "We realised relatively soon that this level of porpoising was causing a high level of skid-wear energy and this is the reason why both drivers started to take remedial actions in various parts of the circuit." McLaren asked the drivers to employ a technique known as 'lift and coast' before corners in an attempt to reduce the aerodynamic load on the cars at the end of the straights, when the car is running at its lowest. Stella said: "Unfortunately, we also saw that, because of the car operating window and the circuit characteristics, most of these actions were not effective enough in reducing porpoising." No further explanation as to why this was has been provided. On Piastri's car, three of the skids were worn lower than the 9mm permitted minimum thickness - two at the front by 0.04mm and 0.26mm and one at the rear by 0.1mm. "The FIA itself has admitted that this lack of proportionality should be addressed in the future to ensure that minor and accidental technical infringements, with minimal or no performance benefits, do not lead to disproportionate consequences." Governing body the FIA has been approached for comment. Stella said: "The conditions we experienced last weekend and which led to the onset of porpoising and excess of grounding, compared to what was expected, are very specific to the operating window of the car in Vegas and the circuit characteristics. "We have a well-established and consolidated way of setting up the car and we are confident that this will lead us to an optimal plan for the coming races, starting from the Lusail International Circuit."

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/animal-news/turkey-cuddle-thanksgiving-rcna245881
Article: “You can get on the ground in front of them, and you can scootch up real close so they’re right here,” Ellie Laks, founder of the Gentle Barn, said as she sat down in front of a turkey named Serena. “Then you can kiss their fuzzy pink heads and just pet them and talk to them.” The act of cuddling a turkey is just like it sounds: It’s a chance to slow down, sit with a turkey and gobble up a connection you might not expect. “The majority of people who come to the Gentle Barn and cuddle a turkey for the first time burst into tears because they’re so surprised at their unexpected show of affection,” Laks said. NBC News “A friend of his reached out to 200 sanctuaries to see if someone could take him in, and no one was able to, so she called us all the way in California and said, ‘I know you’re far away. When it was time for him to be discharged, Laks said, “we didn’t want to drive him all the way to California, so we opened a location here.” Now, the Gentle Barn has more than 200 rescue animals from turkeys and chickens to sheep, cows, and goats. “We have so many things available to us now that we can put in our toolkit, but this is by far the best.” “It’s therapy that you didn’t know you needed until you do it, and then you’re like, Where was this all fof my life?” she said. “As depression and anxiety come to an all time rise, I would invite people to come out to the gentle barn and find the love and nurturing here,” she said. “We need each other, and we need the animals, and they’re here for us.” On Thursday, the Gentle Barn is hosting a “Gentle Thanksgiving,” a day dedicated to connecting and cuddling with turkeys. “There’s just so much unconditional love and gentleness, and I don’t know, there’s not a lot of that in the world today, so sometimes you have to get it from a turkey.”

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/holidays-ls-wildfire-victims-become-exercise-creative-problem-solving-rcna245709
Article: LOS ANGELES — This time last year, Jon Cherkas and his wife were busy preparing to host relatives, friends and neighbors for Thanksgiving in their Southern California home of more than 20 years. At least 31 people were killed, and more than 57,000 acres were scorched in densely populated communities including Altadena, Pacific Palisades, Malibu and Sunset Mesa, where Cherkas’ house overlooked the Pacific Ocean. But now, he said, “I am that other person.” So instead of getting ready for his annual party, Cherkas and his wife chose to spend Thanksgiving this year with old neighbors from Sunset Mesa who relocated to Arizona before the fire hit. Before the fire, Thanksgiving with the Sayeghs could mean celebrating with up to 60 people spread throughout “one big home cooking and sleeping and drinking and partying for 48 hours,” he said. Next week, Sayegh is hosting a 1980s-themed extravaganza called Back to Altadena that will take over a small block in the western side of the neighborhood near the worst of the destruction. “It’s really magical when you’re around other survivors in the same situation.” Altadena resident Keni "Arts" Davis plans to spend this Thanksgiving Day at the home of one of his daughters outside Los Angeles who not affected by the Eaton Fire. Courtesy Keni "Arts" Davis Altadena resident Keni "Arts" Davis, whose home of 45 years was destroyed, said he and his family will focus this Thanksgiving on being grateful for what they do have.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clykywlw2eko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 24 minutes ago Share Save Katy Austin , Transport correspondent and Pritti Mistry , Business reporter Share Save Getty Images A new pay-per-mile charge for electric vehicles (EVs) and hybrid cars was announced in the Budget. Analysis by Zapmap, an electric charger mapper and data provider, suggests that there are now at least 1.7 million fully electric cars on UK roads, about 5 per cent of the total. For second hand cars, online marketplace Autotrader says it's "seeing plenty of examples where electric cars are the same price or lower than similar petrol models, specifically in the three to five-year age group".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/ckgd18w2g3yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: They were then to be escorted in groups of 500 to the metro, which they would catch back to the Place de la Joliette, the mandatory fan meeting point put in place by the local authorities and the police in Marseille. However, Newcastle said that once the first group of supporters was released from the ground following the 2-1 defeat, the police began using "unnecessary and disproportionate force to stop the remainder of our fans from moving any further". "Supporter safety and welfare should always be of paramount importance, and we strongly condemn the treatment of our supporters by the police during this incident." The post-match operation was observed at close quarters by Newcastle stewards and senior staff.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/after-death-sentence-bangladesh-ex-pm-hasina-gets-21-years-for-land-grab?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ousted Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has been sentenced to 21 years in prison in separate corruption cases related to allocations of land in a government project, dealing another legal blow to the country’s former exiled leader. In a decision issued on Thursday, a court found Hasina guilty of illegally securing plots of land in a suburb of capital Dhaka for herself and her family despite their ineligibility. Last week, Hasina was sentenced to death by hanging, after she was found guilty for crimes against humanity for ordering a deadly crackdown against a student-led uprising last year that eventually ousted her. Shaina Begum, the mother of a 20-year old student Sajjat Hosen Sojal, who was shot and his body burned by the police hours before the student-led uprising forced Hasina to resign and flee the country, told Al Jazeera after the verdict, “I cannot be calm until she [Hasina] is brought back and hanged in this country,” Hundreds of families who lost loved ones in the protests wonder if the deposed prime minister will actually face justice. “Treating public land as a private asset, she directed her greedy eye toward state resources and manipulated official procedures to benefit herself and her close relatives.” Each sentence was seven years in prison, and Mamun ruled that Hasina would need to serve them consecutively.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp34z2el534o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Celebrity Traitors star Ruth Codd recovering after second leg amputation 30 minutes ago Share Save Pete Allison Culture reporter Share Save Getty Images Ruth Codd had said before her operation she hoped to feel "pretty unstoppable" after the procedure Celebrity Traitors player and actress Ruth Codd has said she is recovering after a second leg amputation operation. Bad news, I can't do it upstairs, because I've just had my second below-knee amputation." She added: "There's a lot to unpack for everyone involved." The 29-year-old built a following posting on TikTok, before being cast in Netflix horror series The Midnight Club, her TV debut.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd0keyern0do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Venezuela bans six major airlines as tensions escalate 19 minutes ago Share Save Vanessa Buschschlüter Share Save RONALD PENA R/EPA/Shutterstock Thousands of passengers have been affected by the suspension and many more are expected to be hit by the ban Venezuela has banned six major international airlines from landing in the country after they failed to meet a 48-hour deadline to resume flights there. The US has deployed a large force to waters off Venezuela, which it says is to combat drug trafficking but which Venezuela's leader has denounced as an attempt to overthrow him. Venezuela's civil aviation authority, which reports to the country's ministry of transport, announced on Wednesday that Iberia, TAP Portugal, Gol, Latam, Avianca and Turkish Airlines would lose their landing and take-off rights with immediate effect. In a reference to the heightened US military activity off the coast of Venezuela, it also accused the airlines of "joining the actions of state terrorism promoted by the United States government and unilaterally suspending air commercial operations". Tracking build-up of US military planes and warships near Venezuela The US says the aim of the deployment, the largest by the US in the region since it invaded Panama in 1989, is to combat drug trafficking. The Venezuelan government thinks the aim of the operation is to depose President Nicolás Maduro, whose re-election last year was denounced by the Venezuelan opposition and many foreign nations as rigged. An attempt by aviation industry body Iata to defuse the situation - by stressing that its member airlines were keen to restore operations - failed to appease the Venezuelan government.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/rugby-union/articles/c1dz36ndqw5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Scrum-half Morne van den Berg, centre Andre Esterhuizen and wing Ethan Hooker get the nod in the backs with Erasmus going for power on a bench which includes legendary lock Eben Etzebeth along the seven replacement forwards. "We've been rotating our players throughout the year, and this group has been together for close to five weeks, so many of these combinations are fully settled." Scrum-half Cobus Reinach - the only back on the bench - is in line to win his 50th cap. Thirteen of Wales' squad have returned to their English and French clubs, Steve Tandy's side having conceded half-centuries to both Argentina and New Zealand this autumn with his first-choice line-up.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5620605/trump-venezuela-maduro
Article: military buildup in the southern Caribbean Sea near Venezuela is raising expectations of an armed strike against that country but also fears that that it could create a South American quagmire. Sponsor Message But American military intervention, which is strongly supported by many Venezuelans, including opposition leader and Nobel Peace Prize recipient María Corina Machado, would be unpopular at home and extremely risky. "This cozy idea that somehow Maduro falls and the next day María Corina Machado walks into the presidential palace and everybody lives happily ever after is fantastical," said Phil Gunson, who is based in Caracas for the International Crisis Group. "That won't happen." Ever since his first term, President Trump has pushed to depose Maduro, who has crushed Venezuela's democracy and led the country into economic misery, prompting some 8 million Venezuelans to flee the country. invasion along the lines of the American takeover of the tiny isthmus of Panama in 1989 that involved 27,000 American troops and led to the arrest of that country's dictator, Manuel Noriega. "You put boots on the ground almost anywhere in Venezuela, particularly in Caracas and along the border areas, and you are going to face armed resistance." That resistance, he said, would include pro-Maduro militias, known as "colectivos," as well as at least 1,000 battle-hardened Colombian guerrillas who are based inside Venezuela, sympathize with Maduro, and would act as a pro-regime paramilitary force in the event of a U.S. Last week, opposition leader Machado issued a "freedom manifesto" for a post-Maduro future calling for the restoration of human rights, free markets, free speech, clean elections and the return of Venezuelan exiles. One shows Maduro in an orange prison jumpsuit in the custody of American officials, with narration that says: "All Venezuelans want this as our Christmas present." That's in sharp contrast to a new CBS News and YouGov poll in which 70% of Americans opposed American military action in Venezuela.

Link: https://cooking.nytimes.com/article/thanksgiving-turkey-internal-temperature-done
Article: Recipe: Classic Thanksgiving Turkey | Simple Roast Turkey | Fastest Roast Turkey | Salt-and-Pepper Turkey Breast | Roast Turkey Breast | Buttermilk-Brined Turkey Breast Where should I check the temperature on a turkey? also suggests inserting your thermometer in “the thickest part of the breast, the innermost part of the thigh and the innermost part of the wing.” But avoid touching the bones, which can alter the temperature reading. (The Wirecutter’s top pick comes in at $21 and will find many uses beyond the holiday.) But, if you don’t have a thermometer, you can use a fork to pierce the thickest part of the thigh. The New York Times Cooking The shape of turkeys doesn’t lend itself well to even cooking, especially if you’re not spatchcocking the bird (see Samin Nosrat’s buttermilk-brined roast turkey and Kenji López-Alt’s mayo-roasted Thanksgiving turkey). (Watch Samin’s example above.) You can also cover your turkey once it’s out of the oven and resting, but again a loose tent is key: A tight covering can create steam, which can, in turn, make that hard-earned crispy skin soft and soggy. The New York Times Cooking You may have read many an article or recipe telling you that the best way to cook a turkey is to spatchcock it — and there’s real truth to that.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/womens-health/estrogen-dementia-prevention-hormone-replacement-women-perimenopause-rcna245664
Article: Alzheimer’s researchers are focused on the early period of perimenopause, which typically occurs in a woman’s early- to mid-40s, as a target for hormone replacement therapy to maintain estrogen levels and possibly protect some women against developing dementia decades later. “This interest comes primarily from decades of pre-clinical research, animal models, and basic science research showing that menopause is a tipping point for Alzheimer’s pathology,” said Lisa Mosconi, director of the Alzheimer’s Prevention Program at Weill Cornell Medicine. The link between estrogen and dementia has gained renewed focus after the Food and Drug Administration recently lifted the decades-old black-box warning on hormone replacement therapy, a move that may lead to many more women in their 40s and 50s being prescribed treatment. Receptors for this sex hormone are found throughout our brains, said Rachel Buckley, an associate professor of neurology at Massachusetts General Hospital whose research focuses on sex differences in Alzheimer’s disease. “It’s found in the hippocampus which is an area [in the brain] that we know is very closely associated with memory and learning.” Estrogen also helps to build and maintain healthy blood flow in the brain, she added, and can even help the brain use energy more efficiently. “The idea is that using hormones at a steady state or consistent level kind of helps even out those fluctuations.” A large analysis from Mosconi and her team in 2023 published in Frontiers in Aging Neuroscience found that there may be a sweet spot for initiation of HRT for helping women fight cognitive decline. Her team analyzed over 50 studies and found that people using estrogen therapy in midlife, or within 10 years of their final menstrual period, had a significantly lower risk of dementia. Another large-scale analysis of 50 studies presented this fall at the American Neurological Association annual meeting found that the risk of Alzheimer’s was up to 32% lower among women who started HRT within five years of menopause than in those who received a placebo or no treatment. The research, which was done by scientists based in India, also found that among women who waited until they were 65 or older to start therapy, there was a 38% increase in Alzheimer’s risk. “Clinical guidelines currently do not endorse using hormone therapy only for Alzheimer’s prevention.” Instead, HRT should be prescribed primarily to treat moderate to severe menopausal symptoms that can affect quality of life, such as hot flashes, night sweats, sleep disturbances or mood changes.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-27/document-adds-to-questions-about-restrictions-on-lachman-fire-mop-up
Article: As the Los Angeles Fire Department and California State Parks face mounting scrutiny over their handling of a small brushfire that reignited into the deadly Palisades blaze, a newly released document details the agencies’ agreement on restricting how fires were fought and mopped up in some parts of Topanga State Park. It states that “modified mop up for ground fuels should be utilized where possible” and “spading should be minimized and restricted to hot areas near fire lines.” The document was released this week by the state to attorneys representing Palisades fire victims. When the firefighters and state employees are deposed, attorneys will probably question them about their personal observations responding to the Lachman fire, how the two agencies coordinated and whether the Fire Department agreed to any restrictions on tactics. The agreement says firefighters should “cold-trail charred logs near the fire line with minimal tool scarring” and “consider allowing large logs to burn out.” In ecologically sensitive parts of the park, called “avoidance areas,” a “Natural Resource Advisor must be consulted during wildfire suppression planning and response.” But it also notes that “the final decision to modify suppression action” will be based upon factors such as “the probability of threat to life and/or property” and “the availability of fire suppression resources.” There remains no direct evidence that the state plan changed how the Fire Department fought or mopped up the Lachman fire. Attorneys working on behalf of Palisades fire victims, meanwhile, have alleged the state failed to monitor the Lachman burn scar and ensure the area was secure after firefighters declared the fire contained. Last week, they alleged a state park official who arrived at the scene of the Lachman fire “directly interfered with LAFD’s mop up operations,” and now they are presenting California’s plan for Topanga State Park as vital new evidence that the state imposed restrictions on fire crews. A state official who declined to be identified said California State Parks does not actively engage in fire suppression or have command and control over firefighting resources, including for the Lachman fire. “ To be clear: we did not direct or interfere with any firefighting or mop up activities, and any assertion otherwise is categorically false.” California’s plan for Topanga State Park sets out to provide a framework for “guiding wildfire suppression techniques” in a way that protects human life, park infrastructure and sensitive resources. The goal, it says, “is to protect sensitive natural and cultural resources, support healthy and fire resilient ecosystems, reduce risk to public safety, and build effective communication between State Parks and response agencies.” Advertisement Chaparral ecosystems, including the shrubby plants and oak trees that cover the Santa Monica Mountains, have historically experienced fire every 30 to 130 years — primarily due to lightning strikes. “To restore the natural fire frequency and chaparral habitats,” it states, “Topanga State Park should be left to burn within reasonable public safety limits and outside of fire exclusion zones.” But Alexandra Syphard, a fire ecologist at the Conservation Biology Institute, noted that 50 years is still relatively early in the chaparral fire cycle. “The requirements are typical of what I have seen,” said Shane Lauderdale, a retired Northern California fire chief who helped manage incident operations on the Thomas, Camp, Kincade and Butte Complex fires. Documents published by the National Wildfire Coordinating Group, a federal interagency group that sets wildfire operations standards, also indicate the restrictions outlined in the Topanga wildfire plan for areas with natural and cultural resources — such as limiting the use of heavy equipment and fire retardant during the fire fight and reducing the use of spading and chopping of burning logs during mop-up operations — are typical. Forest Service archaeologist who spent more than 30 years serving as a wildland fire resource advisor, said that although policies for protecting natural and cultural resources can vary significantly between federal, state and regional wildlands, the practices outlined by the National Wildfire Coordinating Group are a “standard part of the toolkit” for land managers, fire officials and resource advisors. They do not make decisions, they do not lead crews, they do not tell people what to do.” Advertisement Fire experts note that, even if the state restricted mop-up in some way, firefighters did not have to leave; they could have patrolled the area longer, used thermal imaging technology and left hose lines out.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/olympics/articles/c5yjx6ezvvro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Brailsford, who returned to a more hands-on role at Ineos earlier this year having previously stepped down his involvement to take up a position at Manchester United, will be hoping Thomas can help revive their fortunes. "He knows what the process takes, how to deal with the highs and lows of elite sport and his willingness to now share this and mentor others to do the same is a great asset for the team," added 61-year-old. "The fact that he has stayed so humble and always maintained a great sense of humour are also great attributes to bring to his new role." Former Whitchurch High School pupil Thomas was also successful on the track, winning Olympic gold in Beijing, China, in 2008 and London in 2012. Ineos stated Thomas "will work closely with Sir Dave Brailsford, Dr Scott Drawer - and the rest of the senior management team, providing crucial input into race strategy, rider recruitment, development and race readiness".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/g-s1-99270/up-first-newsletter-thanksgiving-cranberry-relish-tradition
Article: Sponsor Message In more recent times, the way the day has become associated with too much — too much food, too much shopping, too many stores open too early — is also a bummer. Susan Stamberg's cranberry relish Enlarge this image toggle caption Ariel Zambelich/NPR Ariel Zambelich/NPR Every year since 1971, Susan Stamberg, one of NPR's "founding mothers," has found a way to sneak her mother-in-law's recipe for cranberry relish into NPR's Thanksgiving coverage. To honor Stamberg's memory, take a walk down memory lane and see how NPR has highlighted her cherished cranberry relish tradition throughout the years: 🥣 In 2001, Stamberg's tradition of reading the recipe on air almost came to an end, but patriotic spirit prevailed. Sponsor Message Thanksgiving stories you may have missed Illustrations copyright © 2025 by FRANK MORRISON / Crown Books for Young Readers Looking to add to your list of things to be thankful for this year? The unique rituals across the country include the Yule Fest, which is celebrated for two days following Thanksgiving in southern Iowa, and a tradition at the Santa Barbara Zoo in California, where leftover Halloween pumpkins are given to the animals.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/11/27/israel-is-now-at-the-centre-of-a-republican-civil-war?traffic_source=rss
Article: When Donald Trump withdrew his endorsement of Marjorie Taylor Greene, the far-right Georgia congresswoman who rose to prominence as one of his most loyal allies, on November 15, many dismissed it as just another episode of political theatre. It represents a deeper ideological battle between two emerging factions: the MAGA loyalists, who see Trump as the indispensable leader of the movement, and the America First nationalists, who want to build on his populist legacy but pursue a more independent, non-interventionist foreign policy. It is no longer a debate between “hawks” and “doves”, but between those who see American power as a tool for global domination and those who see it as a burden. Their stance is not driven by sympathy for Palestinians so much as scepticism towards what they call the “foreign policy establishment” – a network of defence contractors, think tanks and lobbyists that profits from perpetual war. And Greene’s recent decision to describe Israel’s assault on Gaza as a “genocide” – condemned by pro-Israel lobbyists as a “betrayal of American values” – shows how sharply these once-unthinkable critiques are now entering mainstream Republican discourse. According to detailed findings from a March 2025 Pew survey, negative views of Israel among Republicans under 50 rose from 35 percent in 2022 to 50 percent in 2025 – a dramatic 15-point shift. Figures like Greene and Bannon see themselves as the next generation of nationalist leadership – determined to separate America First from the personality cult of Trump and from the global commitments that defined previous Republican administrations. The MAGA camp clings to Trump’s charisma and the evangelical base, while America First nationalists seek to ground the movement in anti-interventionism, economic protectionism, and scepticism towards Israel’s influence in Washington. The question is whether the Middle East will remain a passive observer of this transformation – or seek to use it to advance peace, justice and self-determination in the region.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx23n4lpgp1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Stranger Things return gives some critics chills and thrills, but leaves others lukewarm 15 minutes ago Share Save Ian Youngs Culture reporter Share Save Netflix Millie Bobby Brown returns as Eleven The first half of Stranger Things' final season has been unleashed on viewers, with many critics giving the return of the hit Netflix show glowing reviews - although others said it's past its prime. "I gulped it down - more please." The Times added: "Volume one doesn't rewrite the manual but why would you want it to?" Empire's four-star review by Leila Latif said it "remains a show that knows exactly what it is, and one that reminds us that youth may be precious, but growing older can still be exhilarating". Most reassuring of all is how quickly the show proves it has not lost its sense of fun." 'Worth indulging it one last time' The "bombastic" fourth episode is Stranger Things "at its best", according to BBC Culture's Laura Martin. "For now, despite a slightly slow start, the signs are promising that it will go one better than Game of Thrones, and deliver a send-off that lives up to audience expectations," he said. "Stranger Things definitely needs to switch off its boombox, hang up its catapults and admit it's too old for these capers, but it's worth indulging it one last time," Seale wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/2-national-guard-members-remain-critical-condition-after/story?id=127924182
Article: Authorities are set to hold a press conference Thursday morning after two National Guard members from West Virginia remain in critical condition after a gunman opened fire on them in an apparent "targeted shooting" near the White House, officials said. Wednesday, when the unidentified suspect rounded a corner, near the Farragut West Metro station in Washington, D.C., raised his arm with the weapon and opened fire, Metropolitan Police Department Executive Assistant Chief Jeffery Carroll said. "They heard the gunfire and they actually were able to intervene and to hold down the suspect after he had been shot on the ground," Carroll said of the responding Guard members. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Several sources told ABC News that the FBI is investigating the shooting as a potential act of international terrorism, suggesting authorities are trying to determine if it may have been inspired by an international terrorist organization.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russia-convicts-hands-life-sentences-8-people-attack-127923887
Article: A Russian court has convicted eight people on terrorism charges over an attack on a bridge linking Russia to annexed Crimea FILE - Flame and smoke rise from Crimean Bridge connecting Russian mainland and Crimean peninsula over the Kerch Strait, in Kerch, Crimea, on Oct. (AP Photo, File) A court in Russia on Thursday convicted eight people on terrorism charges over an attack on a bridge linking Russia to Moscow-annexed Crimea that is a key supply route for Kremlin forces in the war with Ukraine. Antipov, an entrepreneur whose logistics company handled the shipment of the cargo in the truck that exploded, went to Russia’s Federal Security Service, the FSB, as soon as he heard about the blast and failed to reach the driver of the car. Show the people the truth." The bridge connecting Crimea and Russia carries heavy significance for Moscow, both logistically and psychologically, as a key artery for military and civilian supplies and as an assertion of Kremlin control of the peninsula it illegally annexed in 2014. After Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, Ukraine attacked the bridge twice — in October 2022 with a truck bomb and in July 2023 with sea drones. The 19-kilometer (12-mile) bridge over the Kerch Strait that links the Black and Azov seas carries road and rail traffic on separate sections and is vital to sustaining Russia’s military operations in southern Ukraine.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/crystal-faberg-egg-crafted-russian-royalty-expected-sell-127924476
Article: A rare Fabergé egg crafted for Russia’s ruling family before the revolution is going up for auction Fabergé egg crafted for Russian royalty expected to sell for more than $26 million The Winter Egg by Faberge is displayed at Christie's auction rooms in London, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth) LONDON -- A rare crystal and diamond Fabergé egg crafted for Russia’s ruling family before it was toppled by revolution is going up for auction, valued at more than 20 million pounds ($26.4 million). One of just two created by female designer Alma Pihl, the egg was commissioned by Czar Nicholas II for his mother Dowager Empress Maria Feodorovna as an Easter present in 1913. Craftsman Peter Carl Fabergé and his company created more than 50 of the eggs for Russia’s imperial family between 1885 and 1917, each elaborately unique and containing a hidden surprise.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/saba-capitals-boaz-weinstein-targets-baillie-gifford-run-tech-trust-.html
Article: Boaz Weinstein is calling for the removal of the entire board of a tech-focused fund managed by Baillie Gifford, in a bid to reverse what the activist investor sees as "unprecedented" value destruction. In a letter to the Edinburgh Worldwide Investment Trust's board on Thursday, Weinstein — whose activist investment firm Saba Capital owns around 30% of shares in the trust — said the board has "objectively and categorically failed" to deliver the performance expected by shareholders. EWIT's portfolio comprises a global mix of smaller and emerging public and private companies focused on tech innovation and transformation, that target "significant disruptive growth potential," according to the London-listed Baillie Gifford's website. Weinstein said EWIT's net asset value is down 30.8% over the past five years, while its share price return has fallen 35%, having "massively underperformed" its self-selected benchmark, the FTSE All-Share Index, which is up 71.4% over the same period.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/what-is-bamboo-scaffolding-and-how-did-it-worsen-the-hong-kong-fire?traffic_source=rss
Article: At least 55 people have died, and hundreds are still missing since scaffolding at a housing estate in Tai Po district caught fire on Wednesday, according to the latest government figures. While the use of bamboo has faded in other parts of Asia, it has been hard to replace it completely in Hong Kong, even with options such as metal scaffolding, said experts. That speed and flexibility keep projects moving and costs down.” Advertisement Because it is “light and easy to cut”, bamboo scaffolding also fits the narrow living environment of Hong Kong, said Xinyan Huang, deputy director of the Research Centre for Fire Safety Engineering at Hong Kong Polytechnic University. “Any change in the construction industry will meet much resistance from current players.” There are 4,000 bamboo scaffolding workers in the city, Hong Kong Free Press reported, citing union figures, although the industry is on the decline thanks to increased competition from metal scaffolding and an ageing cohort of workers. The fire is the deadliest in Hong Kong in more than a century, since a blaze in 1918 at the Happy Valley Racecourse in British Hong Kong led to the deaths of more than 600 people. Bamboo scaffolding played a big role in spreading the fire, according to experts like Anwar Orabi, a lecturer in fire safety engineering at the University of Queensland, although it was helped by other materials in the estate.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/middle-east/pope-leo-turkey-lebanon-first-trip-israel-gaza-middle-east-conflicts-rcna246191
Article: ANKARA, Turkey — Pope Leo XIV touched down in the conflict-ridden Middle East on the first international trip of his papacy, urging peace and hoping to help the Catholic Church heal centuries-old divisions with other religions and denominations. Ahead of his trip, Leo shared a Thanksgiving message with NBC News in which he encouraged all people “to say thank you to someone” and “to recognize that we have all received so many gifts, first and foremost the gift of life.” Gifts were shared on board his flight to Turkish capital Ankara, including a pecan pie handed to him by NBC News. Leo told journalists that along with other church leaders, he hoped “to announce, transmit, proclaim how important peace is throughout the World and to invite all people to come together to search for greater unity.” Some had speculated that the Chicago-born Leo might choose the U.S. Baris Seckin / Anadolu via Getty Images But for Miles Pattenden, a Catholic Church historian at the U.K.’s University of Oxford, the choice of the Middle East was “not such a surprise,” and it was sending out a message that the region “is the heart of Christianity.” Turkey was the “obvious choice” because it was the 1,700th anniversary of the Council of Nicaea, Christianity’s first ecumenical council, Pattenden told NBC News in a telephone interview. Convened by Emperor Constantine who made Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire, the meeting of bishops and church leaders “produced the Nicaean creed which is the standard statement of what Christians believe,” including the affirmation that Jesus was the son of God, Pattenden said. Leo will pray with the spiritual leader of the world’s Orthodox Christians, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, at the site of the 325 AD gathering which is known today as Iznik, before they sign a joint declaration in a sign of Christian unity. “We all understand that 1,000 years of division has inflicted a deep wound that cannot be healed easily,” Bartholomew told the respected Greek daily Kathimerini recently, according to The Associated Press.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/democrat-rep-adelita-grijalva-voice-sexual-assault-survivors-epstein-rcna245140
Article: Before she even raised her hand to take the oath of office, the Arizona Democrat this fall was fortuitously thrown into the national spotlight and has become an unexpected but unwavering voice for sexual assault survivors. The seven-week standoff kept Grijalva and the Epstein story in the headlines and helped build momentum for the near-unanimous passage of a bill to force the Justice Department to release all of its files related to the late convicted sex offender. Short and stocky, the elder Grijlava had been a towering figure on Capitol Hill, serving as both chairman of the Natural Resources Committee and leading the Congressional Progressive Caucus for a decade. In an interview in the Capitol, Grijalva downplayed her own role in the battle over the Epstein files, instead crediting the courageous survivors who’ve gone public in telling their personal stories of being sex trafficked and abused by Epstein when they were minors. I’m happy to join many others who did a lot more work — especially the survivors.” It’s a role Grijalva, 55, a mother of three teenagers, said she feels comfortable with, given her career. For more than 25 years, she worked at the Pima County Teen Court, where she ran a diversion program that gives youth an alternative to going through the formal court process. She served for 20 years on the Tucson Unified School District board and the past four years on the Pima County Board of Supervisors — the same path her father took to Washington. In all of those roles, Grijalva said, she worked with homeless children, foster children, those living in poverty and with organizations like the Emerge Center Against Domestic Abuse in Tucson. When people don’t feel like they have support or the ability … to raise their own voices, then it’s part of our responsibility to do that,” Grijalva said in the interview. 18, Grijlava stood before the Capitol dome with other Democratic lawmakers, sexual abuse survivors and survivor advocates to urge unanimous passage of the Epstein legislation in the House and the Senate. “Not just because of how historic a moment it was for us as a country, but also the validation and the representative’s fierceness, her courage, is just so contagious to all of us,” Stein said. “To have her validate us in front of the entire House, and for Jess and I to get a standing ovation from the members when we have felt at times so unheard by the people in our government, was absolutely transformative for me.”

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/trump-transition-team-discloses-donors-one-year-pledged-release-rcna246131
Article: President Donald Trump’s transition team has released its list of donors, one year after it pledged to do so, with names that range from future Cabinet secretaries to GOP megadonors. The list of donors, first reported by The New York Times, also includes Steve Witkoff, Trump’s special envoy to the Middle East, and some Republican megadonors, including Paul Singer, Jeff Yass and Robert Bigelow. “President Trump greatly appreciates his supporters and donors; however, unlike politicians of the past, he is not bought by anyone and does what’s in the best interest of the country. "This administration remains laser-focused on delivering real results for the American people — putting Americans first, creating jobs, securing our borders, and strengthening our economy." The Times reported that the donor listed as Stanley Woodward is associate attorney general at the Justice Department and that Dominick Gerace is the Trump-appointed U.S. Trump chief of staff Susie Wiles said in a statement exactly one year ago that the use of private funds would be "providing cost savings to American taxpayers." "Donors to the Transition will be disclosed to the public," Wiles said at the time.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/select/shopping/early-walmart-black-friday-2025-rcna244820
Article: I spent weeks combing through thousands of discounts to find the best early Black Friday deals at Walmart — each one I recommend below is highly rated and 20% off or more. Best Walmart early Black Friday deals 4.5-star average rating from 5,306 reviews at Walmart Once connected to the FindMy app in your iPhone, you can use the Apple Airtag to locate your belongings by pinging the Tag or by checking the Maps app for a precise location. 4.4-star average rating from 2,630 reviews at Walmart This is Dyson’s lightest cordless vacuum, and is designed to be ergonomic and to convert to a handheld cleaner for tight spaces. It includes a fluffy cleaner head for hard fellows, a motorbar cleaner head for all floor types and a hair screw tool for pet hair, along with an LCD screen that displays particle count, power mode, run time and more, according to the brand. 4.6-star average rating from 6,836 reviews at Walmart You can use this immersion blender to whisk, mix, froth milk and more — it has five settings and 20 adjustable speed settings, along with a turbo button for max speed, according to the brand. 4.5-star average rating from 615 reviews at Walmart This TV from Samsung has a crystal processor that delivers a crisp 4K picture, and a thin design that’s easy to mount to your wall, according to the brand. 4.1-star average rating from 553 reviews at Walmart These pillows come inside of a 100% cotton cover and are filled with a soft, polyester fibre gel, according to the brand. Best early Black Friday sales at other retailers Amazon: Up to 40% off during Black Friday Week Target: Up to 50% off holiday gifts, decor and more Home Depot: Shop discounts sitewide and in-store through Dec. 3 Lowe’s: Up to 50% off major appliances, plus an additional 25% off when you bundle Nordstrom: Up to 60% off sitewide How I found the best early Walmart Black Friday deals All of my recommendations above are based on NBC Select’s previous coverage and reporting, including products the NBC Select staff tested firsthand. I also wrote about every deal in this article and worked with NBC Select editors to finalize the live list, which I’m frequently updating leading up to Black Friday to reflect the most up-to-date prices.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0edw7g7z79o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: France brings back limited military service with 3,000 volunteers next year 12 minutes ago Share Save Hugh Schofield In Paris Share Save EPA President Macron said the new form of voluntary service was an "act of trust in our youth" A limited form of military service will be re-introduced in France in response to growing fears of a confrontation with Russia. "We need to mobilise, mobilising the nation to defend itself, to be ready and remain respected." The new "national service" will be brought in gradually from next summer, mainly for 18- and 19-year-olds, who will receive at least €800 (£700) a month. The armed forces would benefit from motivated young French men and women, he added: "It is an act of trust in our youth." Initially, numbers will be restricted to 3,000 next year, but this should rise to 50,000 by 2035. Some European countries, like Finland and Greece, have never stopped military service, while the Swiss are to vote on Sunday on replacing mandatory service for men with compulsory civic duty for all. AFP via Getty Images France began phasing out conscription in the late 1990s French military chiefs are broadly in favour of the new measure, which they hope will create a reservoir of trained personnel able to back up professional soldiers and replace them in non-frontline tasks. Recently, the newly appointed chief-of-staff, Gen Fabien Mandon, took the alarm to a new level when he said French military planning was built around the assumption of a confrontation with Russia in the next three or four years. Reuters Gen Fabien Mandon prompted an outcry when he said French opinion had to be prepared for "losing children" at war He went further last week, telling a gathering of mayors that what France lacked was the spirit of sacrifice, urging them to prepare opinion for the possibility of "losing children" in war. Immediately condemned by the far-left and part of the far-right, the remarks were also seen as unhelpful by the government, with Macron reassuring the country last weekend that there were no plans to send young recruits to fight in Ukraine.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5620998/nasa-astronauts-thanksgiving-cranberry-sauce
Article: NASA astronauts celebrate Thanksgiving with Russian cranberry sauce toggle caption NASA webcast About 250 miles above the Earth, NASA astronauts on board the International Space Station (ISS) will enjoy an off-duty day for Thanksgiving, along with a group meal that features some celebratory foods. Sponsor Message "Our ground teams and the food lab at NASA have taken such great care of us," said Zena Cardman, who noted that they'll also have traditional fare like turkey and mashed potatoes, all packaged up in ways that won't cause a mess in microgravity. But I'm up here with my space family and it's really awesome." Cardman and Fincke, along with fellow NASA astronaut Jonny Kim, will share their holiday meal with three Russian cosmonauts and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency astronaut Kimiya Yui. And if all goes as planned, more guests will arrive in time for the meal, because a Soyuz rocket with three new crew members for the station, including NASA astronaut Chris Williams, is scheduled to blast off from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan at 4:27 am Eastern time on Thursday.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5619191/pope-leo-xiv-embarks-on-first-foreign-trip-visiting-turkey-and-lebanon
Article: Pope Leo XIV embarks on first foreign trip, visiting Turkey and Lebanon toggle caption Domenico Stinellis/AP Shortly after the plane took off from Rome towards Ankara, Pope Leo XIV came to greet the press on board. Sponsor Message He spoke with enthusiasm about his mission during this six day visit to Turkey and Lebanon, in which he aims to encourage world leaders to commit to trying to bring peace. "And to look for the ways that all men and women can truly be brothers and sisters in spite of differences, in spite of different religions, in spite of different beliefs." Pope Leo told the press corps on board the flight that "it's so important today that the message be transmitted in a way that really reveals the truth and the harmony that the world needs." Pope Leo visits the Middle East at a sensitive time, as a tenuous ceasefire continues in Gaza after Israel's devastating offensive there. Sponsor Message In Turkey, he will visit the site of the Council of Nicaea, where, 1700 years ago, the statement of faith was formed that is still used in church by different Christian denominations. Some members of the press passed him gifts to welcome him to his role – these included an icon of the virgin of Guadalupe to recall the years he spent in Latin America, and, on this Thanksgiving, a pumpkin pie.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/guinea-bissau-marks-coup-africa-military-takeovers-127924552
Article: A group of soldiers mutinied and arrested senior military officers just outside the capital Bamako, after weeks of protests by civilians demanding the then-president, Ibrahim Keïta, resign over accusations of corruption and failing to clamp down on armed groups. Mali is one of a tripartite group of landlocked West African countries, including Burkina Faso and Niger, run by military juntas that have now formed their own bloc after breaking from the Economic Community of West African states, and have firmly stated their objections to a return to democracy. Doumbouya is running in the December polls and looks to shed his military fatigues, after a referendum this year allowed junta members to stand in elections and extended the presidential term limit from five to seven years. Shortly after President Ali Bongo, who had been in power for 14 years and had run for a third term, was declared the winner of another election in 2023, a group of soldiers appeared on television saying they were seizing power.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/indonesia-intensifies-search-victims-after-floods-landslides-kill-127922944
Article: Rescuers are searching in rivers and the rubble of devastated villages for bodies and possible survivors after floods and landslides on Indonesia’s Sumatra island By NINIEK KARMINI Associated Press and BINSAR BAKKARA Associated Press In this photo released by the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency (BASARNAS), rescuers on a rubber boat evacuate residents from their flooded home in North Sumatra province, Indonesia Tuesday, Nov. (BASARNAS via AP) In this photo released by the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency (BASARNAS), rescuers on a rubber boat evacuate residents from their flooded home in North Sumatra province, Indonesia Tuesday, Nov. (BASARNAS via AP) MEDAN, Indonesia -- Rescuers searched Thursday in rivers and the rubble of villages for bodies, and when possible survivors, after flash floods and landslides on Indonesia’s Sumatra island left 49 people dead and 67 missing. Rescue workers also recovered two bodies in Pakpak Bharat district and were searching for five people reported missing in Humbang Hasundutan, another district devastated by landslides that killed two villagers, Walintukan said. “We are deploying weather modification technology starting tomorrow so that rain does not fall during this emergency response period,” Suharyanto, who goes by a single name like many Indonesians, told reporters before visiting flood- and landslide-hit areas of Sibolga city on Thursday. Rescuers by Thursday recovered at least nine bodies after landslides triggered by torrential rains struck three villages in Central Aceh on Wednesday, said the district chief Halili Yoga, who called on the local disaster agency to deploy and excavator to pull out at least two people buried under mud. In West Sumatra province, rescue teams pulled six bodies of people who drowned in floods in Lumin Park residential area in the provincial capital of Padang, the local disaster agency reported. The local agency said rescuers were searching for 14 people believed to be buried under mud and rocks that hit hilly Jorong Toboh village, while landslides also cut off bridges and blocked main roads, isolating some residents. Heavy seasonal rain from about October to March frequently causes flooding and landslides in Indonesia, an archipelago of 17,000 islands where millions of people live in mountainous areas or near fertile floodplains.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/us-russian-crew-3-blasts-off-international-space-127923517
Article: A U.S.-Russian crew of three has started a mission to the International Space Station aboard a Russian spacecraft following a succesful launch US-Russian crew of 3 blasts off to the International Space Station in a Russian Soyuz spacecraft By The Associated Press In this photo taken from video released by Roscosmos space corporation, the Soyuz-2.1 rocket booster with Soyuz MS-28 space ship carrying NASA astronaut Chris Williams and Roscosmos cosmonauts Sergey Kud-Sverchkov and Sergey Mikaev, a new crew to the International Space Station, ISS, blasts off in Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Thursday, Nov. (Roscosmos space corporation, via AP) In this photo taken from video released by Roscosmos space corporation, the Soyuz-2.1 rocket booster with Soyuz MS-28 space ship carrying NASA astronaut Chris Williams and Roscosmos cosmonauts Sergey Kud-Sverchkov and Sergey Mikaev, a new crew to the International Space Station, ISS, blasts off in Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Thursday, Nov. At the International Space Station, the trio will join NASA astronauts Mike Fincke, Zena Cardman and Jonny Kim, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency’s astronaut Kimiya Yui and Russian cosmonauts Sergei Ryzhikov, Alexei Zubritsky and Oleg Platonov.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/how-google-put-together-the-pieces-for-its-ai-comeback.html
Article: In this article GOOGL Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Vcg | Visual China Group | Getty Images When ChatGPT launched in 2022, Google was caught flatfooted, but the launch of Gemini 3 and the Ironwood AI chip this month has experts raving about Alphabet's AI comeback. Google kicked off November by unveiling Ironwood, the seventh generation of its tensor processing units, or TPUs, that the company says lets customers "run and scale the largest, most data-intensive models in existence." And last week, Google launched Gemini 3, its latest artificial intelligence model, saying it requires "less prompting" and provides smarter answers than its predecessors. Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff captured the excitement around Gemini 3 with a Sunday post on X, saying that despite using OpenAI's ChatGPT daily for three years, he wasn't going back after two hours of using Gemini 3. "You may be asking why almost all of the AI stocks we cover are selling off after such good news from Nvidia," Melius Research analyst Ben Reitzes wrote in a note Monday, referring to Nvidia's positive third quarter earnings last week. "There is one real reason for worry and it is the 'AI comeback' of Alphabet." But while Google appears to have regained the edge, its lead over rivals remains razor thin in the gruelingly competitive AI market, experts said. David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Putting the pieces together With Gemini 3 and Ironwood, Google CEO Sundar Pichai appears to have finally put the pieces together for the company's AI offerings, said Michael Nathanson, co-founder of equity research firm Moffett Nathanson. "But they had the tech in the pantry, and it was just a matter of getting it all together and shipped." Of particular note is how quickly Google launched Gemini 3 after the spring release of Gemini 2.5, which was already considered an impressive model. After a report said that Meta could strike a deal with Google to use its TPUs for the social media company's data centers, Nvidia saw its stock drop 3% on Tuesday, prompting the chipmaker to post a response on social media. "The advantage of having the whole stack is you can optimize your model to work specifically well on a TPU chip and you're building everything to a more optimally designed," said Luria. The company's ability to serve AI enterprise customers with its TPUs and Google Cloud offerings as well as its incorporation of Gemini 3 throughout its consumer products is driving Wall Street's enthusiasm. Experts who spoke with CNBC said the competitive landscape is broader than just one AI winner, but they added that it's become increasingly expensive for multiple companies to prove success. "Having the state of the art model for a few days doesn't mean they've won to the extent that the stock market is implying," Luria said, pointing to Anthropic's new Opus 4.5 model launched Monday. Earlier this month, OpenAI also announced two updates to its GPT-5 model to make it "warmer by default and more conversational" as well as "more efficient and easier to understand in everyday use," the company said. "These companies are spending a lot of money assuming there's gonna be a winner take all when in reality we may end up with frontier models being a commodity and several will be interchangeable," Luria said. Company executives told employees earlier this month that Google has to double its serving capacity every six month to meet demand for AI services and run its frontier models, CNBC reported last week. In its post on Tuesday, Nvidia pointed out that its chips are more flexible and powerful than ASIC chips, like Google's Ironwood, which are typically designed for a single company or function. And despite getting Salesforce's Benioff to switch to Gemini, Google also has a lot of catching up to do with its consumer chat product, experts said, citing hallucinations and lower user numbers than OpenAI's.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/guinea-bissau-military-appoints-general-as-transition-president-after-coup?traffic_source=rss
Article: The military in Guinea-Bissau has appointed a general as the country’s new leader for one year, a day after staging a coup to seize power and arresting the president of the West African nation as contentious election results were imminent. “I have just been sworn in to lead the High Command,” General Horta Nta Na Man declared after taking the oath of office in a ceremony at the military’s headquarters on Thursday, AFP journalists observed. Calling themselves the “High Military Command for the Restoration of Order”, the officers read out a statement on television, declaring that they had ordered the immediate suspension of the electoral process “until further notice”. Provisional results were expected to be announced in the race between Embalo and Fernando Dias, a political newcomer who had emerged as the top challenger to the incumbent to run the country, which is a hub for cocaine trafficking. Advertisement The takeover announcment came shortly after sustained gunfire was heard near the election commission’s headquarters, the presidential palace and the Ministry of the Interior in the capital, Bissau on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyx49w30e9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Wales' most deprived areas named - see how yours is affected 1 hour ago Share Save Felicity Evans , Wales Money Editor and Christine Jeavans and Callum Thomson , BBC Verify Share Save Getty Images Blaenau Gwent is the Welsh council with the highest concentration of the most deprived neighbourhoods A neighbourhood in the town of Rhyl, Denbighshire, has been named as the most deprived area of Wales for the second time since 2019, according to new data. There are areas of deprivation across Wales and it is not the case that everyone in a highly deprived neighbourhood will be struggling, nor will all those in a less deprived area be well off. The 2025 WIMD ranked nearly 2,000 small areas across Wales and split them into 10 equal groups called deciles, where the first decile was the 191 most deprived neighbourhoods, and so on. The area around Rhyl high street has been ranked as the most deprived area in Wales for a second time, but that does not mean nothing has changed since 2019. "There are more things for children, like the new park up the road." Valerie Long says people are struggling financially in Rhyl, but there are more things for children to do "It's gone downhill," said Jay Street, 26, who has lived in Rhyl all his life. "Places like this have saved a lot of people, me included." Jay Street said he's glad to see so many people using services such as the Brighter Futures weekly Men's Shed The charity's community garden is particularly popular, according to Penny Pearce-Whitby who runs it. "It's not always about the money, it's about encouraging people to get outside." Denbighshire council said although some neighbourhoods in Rhyl were very deprived they "do not represent Rhyl as a whole". A spokesperson said over the past decade Rhyl had seen "substantial public investment" including a £100m flood defence upgrade which had "transformed the seafront" with a new promenade and a big children's play area. A spokesperson said "the challenge of breaking the cycle of poverty is not one we can solve overnight", adding that the government was using all "levers available to tackle poverty" including investing £7bn between 2022 and 2026 to support households and providing "programmes also help integrate disadvantaged groups into the workforce".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvg164nvj77o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: General named new Guinea-Bissau leader a day after coup Just now Share Save Nicolas Negoce , Paul Njie , BBC Africa reporters , Natasha Booty and Wedaeli Chibelushi Share Save AFP via Getty Images Gen Horta N'Tam, centre, becomes the transitional head of state for one year An army general has been sworn in as Guinea-Bissau's new head of state a day after an apparent coup. Some civil society groups in Guinea-Bissau have accused outgoing President Umaro Sissoco Embaló of masterminding a "simulated coup" against himself with the help of the military, saying it was a ruse to block election results from coming out in case he loses. AFP via Getty Images President Umaro Sissoco Embaló has not commented on claims he helped to stage the coup against him The latest of these, on Wednesday, saw a group of military officers announce they have seized control of the country, following reports that President Embaló had been arrested. Late on Wednesday afternoon, Embaló told France 24 in a phone call: "I have been deposed." Government sources later told the BBC that Dias, Pereira and Interior Minister Botché Candé had also been detained. In a joint statement, leaders of election observation missions from the African Union and the West African bloc Ecowas expressed "deep concern with the announcement of a coup d'etat by the armed forces". Gunshots heard near presidential palace in the capital Bissau Embaló, 53, had wanted to make history as the country's only president to secure a second consecutive mandate in the last 30 years. Its coastline has many uninhabited islands, making it ideal for drug traffickers - with the UN dubbing it a "narco-state" as it has been a key transit point for cocaine coming from Latin America to Europe.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c7vmej86331o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "Liverpool seem to keep finding ways to hit new lows under Arne Slot, and of course, that is leading to questions around the manager's future," Josh Sexton of Liverpool fan group the Anfield Wrap told BBC Sport. "He will accept that as part of the pressure that comes with such a reputable job, but now the biggest question has become 'is he the right man to actually rescue a team from such a slump?'" Slot faced the unenviable task of replacing Jurgen Klopp in 2024 but defied expectations by winning the title at a canter last term. There is also sympathy for Slot after a tumultuous summer that saw the exits of key players including Trent Alexander-Arnold and Luis Diaz, an influx of new signings and the death of Portugal attacker Diogo Jota. "I just think, given what he achieved in such a short space of time and how that had this team so far ahead of their timeline, his bosses should keep the faith that he can get back on that road - back to where we belong." Liverpool cruised to the league title in Slot's first season in charge, finishing 10 points clear of second-placed Arsenal. "If they were to sack him, I would be gutted that the man who brought me such brilliant days watching my team lift the league title last season could not work it out, but I would equally understand and try to trust the decision that had been taken," Sexton added.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trading-wild-turkeys-animals-conservation-success-story-127925006
Article: After dwindling to a few thousand birds in the late 1880s, the wild turkey population has grown to about 7 million birds in 49 states, plus more in Canada and Mexico, according to the National Wild Turkey Federation. “That’s when we started capturing them out of the wild and moving them around to other places to restore their population, and they really took off.” In New Hampshire, wild turkeys hadn’t been seen for more than 100 years when the state got the West Virginia flock. With careful management that included moving birds around the state dozens of times over the ensuing decades, the population has grown to roughly 40,000 birds, said Dan Ellingwood, a biologist with the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department. “Winter severity has changed, the landscape has changed, and yet the population really took off.” Turkeys play an important role in a healthy ecosystem as both predator and prey, he said, and are a popular draw for hunters.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/k-beauty-tiktok-makeup.html
Article: In this article ULTA WMT Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Carly Xie looks over facial mask items at the Face Shop, which specializes in Korean cosmetics, in San Francisco, April 15, 2015. Avila Gonzalez | San Francisco Chronicle | Hearst Newspapers | Getty Images On a recent Saturday at an Ulta Beauty store in midtown Manhattan, Denise McCarthy, a mother in her 40s, stood in front of a wall of tiny pastel bottles, tubes and compacts. A dad asked a store associate whether a viral Korean sunscreen was the one "from the girl who does the 'get ready with me' videos." Near the checkout, a display of Korean sheet mask mini-packs was nearly empty. Once a niche reserved for beauty obsessives, Korean cosmetics — known as K-beauty — are breaking fully into the American mainstream, fueled by TikTok virality, younger and more diverse shoppers, and aggressive expansion from retailers such as Ulta , Sephora, Walmart and Costco . K-beauty sales in the United States are expected to top $2 billion in 2025, up more than 37% from last year, according to market research firm NielsenIQ, far outpacing the broader beauty market's single-digit growth. In the first half of 2025, South Korea shipped a record $5.5 billion worth of cosmetics, up nearly 15% year over year, and has become the leading exporter of cosmetics to the U.S., surpassing France, according to data from the South Korean government. "When you compare that to the broader beauty market, which is growing at single digits, K-beauty is clearly operating in a different gear right now." Facial skin care remains the biggest K-beauty revenue driver in the U.S., NielsenIQ reported. Hair care is growing fastest, and hybrid items such as tinted serums and skin care-infused cushion compacts — sponge cushions soaked with an SPF foundation — continue to surge, the firm said. Ulta's first quarter 2025 report cited a 38% increase in Korean skin care sales, and executives said in August that new K-beauty partnerships contributed to the company beating Wall Street expectations for earnings in the second quarter. "It's an arms race to see who can capitalize on the market for Korean products," Delphine Horvath, professor of cosmetics and fragrance marketing at the Fashion Institute of Technology, told CNBC. "These products are now seen as a top driver of growth for cosmetic brands, and it seems it will keep booming." The competition is heating up just as Olive Young, often called the "Sephora of Seoul," prepares to open its first U.S. "Across the industry, companies are looking to expand partly because people really don't want to have to wait for shipping or travel all the way to Korea to get products." The boom arrives in the middle of the ongoing trade war. "That being said, a lot of companies have worked with advertisers and internally to do their best to offset and prevent passing those costs on to customers in the U.S." A visitor tries Korean-made cosmetics during the 2022 Korea Tourism Organization's Discover Your Korea, in Vanderbilt Hall of Grand Central Terminal, New York. TikTok is the central engine of discovery, especially for Gen Z and millennial shoppers, who account for roughly three-fourths of K-beauty consumers, according to a Personal Care Insights market analyst report. Brands are deeply invested in paying influencers, and TikTokers talk about textures, formulas and efficacy." Virality has also pushed brands to be more inclusive for younger and more diverse shoppers. The trend is visible across the Americas: 61% of consumers in Mexico and nearly half in Brazil say K-beauty is popular in their country, compared with about 45% in the U.S., according to Statista. "It's not just about the direct sales on that one platform; it's about how it's changing the entire discovery and purchase journey." But the second wave brings its own risks. There are definitely some caution flags we're watching." Collagen eye patches and face masks at the Face Shop, which specializes in Korean beauty items, in San Francisco, April 15, 2015. South Korea had more than 28,000 licensed cosmetics sellers in 2024 — nearly double that of five years ago — creating a pressure-cooker environment that forces constant experimentation, said Neogen's Kim. Everything that's very unique and works really well for skin care, we develop." Korean consumers churn through trends quickly, fueling a pipeline of upstart brands that can go viral and, in some cases, get acquired. For example, when gooey snail mucin, a gel used to protect and repair people's skin, took off globally, skin care brand Amorepacific acquired COSRX, the small Korean brand that helped popularize the ingredient, for roughly $700 million.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/four-journalists-on-trial-over-istanbul-protest-coverage-acquitted?traffic_source=rss
Article: The ruling was issued on Thursday morning after the court found no evidence that the media workers – a photographer with the AFP news agency and three local journalists – had committed any offence, according to AFP and local media reports. They, along with thousands of protesters, had been accused of violating Turkiye’s Law 2911 on meetings and demonstrations – a measure rights groups say is used to curb peaceful assembly. “Now that the psychological strain of the trial process and my difficulty in focusing are gone, I will continue on my path with even more reporting,” he told AFP after the verdict.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-27/up-from-ashes-how-fire-survivors-rebuilt-in-time-to-get-home-for-thanksgiving
Article: He has his morning cup of coffee out there while Daisy sniffs around, works her guard duty shifts, and takes in the million-dollar view, which stretches all the way to Santa Catalina Island. When the county inspector showed up Tuesday afternoon and told Koerner he was clear to move in, Koerner activated the video tab on his phone and asked the inspector to repeat what he’d just said. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) Koerner is believed to be the first person to move into a rebuilt house in Altadena, where 19 people were killed and nearly 9,400 structures were destroyed. “I don’t want to miss any holidays.” She said her new stove was on the way, and she planned to go with a classic Thanksgiving meal of turkey, mashed potatoes and stuffing. Meanwhile, Palisades resident Craig Forrest, who lost everything in January, thinks his new house could be finished within a week or so, although he might not move in until the new year because the contract on his Santa Monica rental runs through December. In Forrest’s case, he said, the recipe included “fortitude, guts, will, strength, pushing through, making fast decisions, and having the financial wherewithal.” Advertisement Having three teenagers was also a factor, Forrest told me. He said that rather than sink in despair, he chose to remain optimistic and keep moving to “show them what you do when something this traumatic and dramatic happens to you.” In the case of Jun Li Lujan, she had an insider’s edge. I feel like we’re on that road.” Koerner had Daisy as a motivator, along with a figure-things-out mentality from running an investigations and fraud-prevention company that deals with government agencies and multiple businesses. And he knew he didn’t want to live in limbo any longer than he had to, especially after staying in an Old Pasadena hotel for several weeks with other evacuees. And I mean openly sobbing.” Landlords in the area were gouging renters, Koerner said, and he briefly considered living in his car before one of his employees offered a La Crescenta space that had just become available. Koerner was told by an Army Corps of Engineers official to pour his new foundation as soon as the contamination was cleared, even if he hadn’t gotten an insurance check yet. It’s not a trophy.” Advertisement Koerner robbed his retirement fund to front the start of construction and said that once insurance payments are added up, he’ll be a few hundred thousand dollars in the hole. “And when I laid down on the floor next to her … she leaned over and started catching the tears, one at a time, as they were rolling down my cheek.” Koerner stood in his new kitchen, going through everything and everyone he’s grateful for this holiday season. The longtime friends who offered support, the new friends he made in La Crescenta near his temporary home, his builder and his therapist, who taught him “how to let things flow through and get behind you.” “I’m first and foremost grateful that Daisy has been strong enough to hang in there,” Koerner said. “She has just stayed with me, and that is an answer to a daily prayer.” Advertisement Koerner and Daisy May frolicked for a while in his new office, which had a golden glow in the morning light.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crrkw1p14eqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ban harmful content from social media instead of us, say Australian teens Noah Jones and Macy Neyland argue the ban disregards the rights of children But the policy is being challenged in the nation's highest court by two 15-year-olds, backed by a rights group, who say it robs them of their right to free communication. Social media companies and the Australian government should be using their resources to remove predators and harmful content from platforms rather than banning under-16s, teenagers challenging the law have said. "They should be using this money and resources to try to get rid of the predators and harmful content out there." Macy Newland, who is bringing the challenge alongside Noah, admitted that she believed there were problems with social media, gaming and screen time in general. Ms Newland said that, rather than a blanket ban, what was needed was better education about online harms, enhanced safety measures - such as age verification - and resources about how to use social media appropriately.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/these-stocks-are-outperforming-this-year-and-are-cheap-heading-into-2026.html
Article: We specifically sought stocks in the S & P 500 that have outperformed the broad-market index and have forward price-to-earnings ratios that have dropped below the S & P average, suggesting they're still cheap and ripe for the picking. The names we found meet the following criteria: A forward price-to-earnings ratio of less than 20, less than that of the S & P 500 A year-to-date gain of 20% or more A consensus buy rating from Wall Street analysts CVS Health shares have skyrocketed more than 78% this year, but the stock's forward price-to-earnings ratio is sitting at about 11, according to the screen. However, management has warned that it expects "modestly lower growth" in its Caremark pharmacy benefit manager business as it transitions contracts for new drug pricing levels "over the next few years." CVS 1Y mountain CVS stock performance over the past year. Other outperforming stocks from this list that could have more room to run include health care giants AbbVie and Medtronic , gold miner Newmont and power generation company Vistra .

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/longform/2025/11/27/could-trumps-plan-for-alcatraz-end-this-indigenous-thanksgiving-tradition?traffic_source=rss
Article: San Francisco, California – The memories come back in flashes: the ink-black night, the whipping cold, the dark waves lapping at the side of the boat as Tashina Banks Rama stepped on board. But every November, on Thanksgiving Day, she and her younger sister would blink awake in the early hours of the morning to join her parents on the edge of the San Francisco Bay. “Even if you might not know who you’re with, you feel very safe because you’re all there for the same purpose.” For nearly half a century, Alcatraz — best known for its infamous prison — has played host to an annual Indigenous tradition: a sunrise ceremony to greet the morning’s first rays of light. In May, United States President Donald Trump announced on social media that he had directed the Bureau of Prisons to “reopen a substantially enlarged and rebuilt ALCATRAZ, to house America’s most ruthless and violent Offenders”. But for Tashina, the loss of the island would mean the loss of a spiritual tradition that connects her to generations of Indigenous activists, including her father, American Indian Movement (AIM) founder Dennis Banks.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c246ndy63j9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sharp fall in UK net migration with drop in arrivals for work and study 21 minutes ago Share Save Cachella Smith and Daniel Sandford , UK correspondent Share Save EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock Net migration to the UK fell by two-thirds in the year ending June 2025 compared with the previous 12 months, provisional figures indicate. The difference between the number of people arriving in the country and those leaving was 204,000, down from 649,000, with the fall mainly driven by fewer arrivals for work and study reasons, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said. The statistics form part of two separate releases published on Thursday - the ONS release on net migration to the year ending June 2025, and Home Office figures on the immigration system for the year ending September 2025. The Home Office numbers show initial decisions on asylum claims have increased to 133,502 people receiving an initial decision across the year - almost half of which (45%) were granted. "Decision making has reached a historically high level and the numbers of cases awaiting an initial decision fell 36% between September 2024 and September 2025, despite a record high number of asylum claims in this period," the release said. It follows legal battles over the use of hotels with Epping Forest District Council saying earlier this week they would appeal against a High Court decision that rejected its case to close Epping's Bell Hotel to asylum seekers. "Work is well under way to move illegal migrants into military bases to ease pressure on communities across the country." Small boat arrivals saw an increase of 53% compared with the previous year, with 45,659 arriving via this route in the 12 months to September 2025. The release refers to small boat figures dating to September, but more recent figures have also been published - this chart shows the latest statistics Separately, 153 migrants have been removed from the UK to France under the pilot one in one out scheme. A return flight today included the individual who was removed on 16 October and returned to the UK via small boat on 8 November (he has not been counted twice). The figures released by the ONS, on net migration, take into account those who are claiming asylum in the UK after having entered via both regular and irregular routes - as well as other forms of immigration. (EU+ refers to people from EU countries plus Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Switzerland.) Responding to the net migration figures, Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood said the government would be "going further" as she referenced the pressure of migration on local communities. "Last week, I announced reforms to our migration system to ensure that those who come here must contribute and put in more than they take out." Earlier this month, Mahmood set out proposals to reform the legal migration system including changes to how long it could take some migrants to achieve settled status. It followed a variety of measures to tackle illegal migration such as changing how the right to family life under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) is applied in migration court cases. Migration experts have indicated the net migration numbers - which cover the year ending June 2025 - could reflect measures brought in by the Conservatives such as the increase in salary threshold which was introduced in June 2024. Senior researcher at the Migration Observatory at the University of Oxford, Peter Walsh, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "For the most complete and accurate picture, it takes at least a year for policy changes to show up in the statistics.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/watch-live-patel-pirro-give-update-on-d-c-shooting-of-2-national-guard-members
Article: Here’s what we know so far, and what we don’t know: Condition of the National Guard members FBI Director Kash Patel and Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser said the two Guard members were hospitalized in critical condition. They belong to the West Virginia National Guard, which deployed hundreds of troops to the nation’s capital as part of President Donald Trump’s crime-fighting mission that involved taking over the local police department. Carroll said that it was not clear whether one of the Guard members or a law enforcement officer shot the suspect and that investigators so far had no information on a motive. Among those that partnered with federal agencies to sponsor the Afghan families was World Relief, a faith-based group that helped the refugees with finding housing, employment training and language classes as they settled in the Seattle area. A federal judge last week ordered an end to the Guard deployment but also put her order on hold for 21 days to allow the Trump administration time to either remove the troops or appeal.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/trump-tax-changes-middle-class-donors-giving-gap.html
Article: Eric Lee | The Washington Post | Getty Images A version of this article first appeared in CNBC's Inside Wealth newsletter with Robert Frank, a weekly guide to the high-net-worth investor and consumer. Elena Patel, co-director of the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center, told Inside Wealth she is not optimistic that middle- and lower-income donors will be able to make up the shortfall as top earners give less. "That 2-percentage-point reduction [for top earners] might not seem like a big deal, but you have to keep in mind the scale of gifts that are being given among the highest-net-worth individuals in the United States." What the 'K-shaped' economy means for philanthropy Charitable giving by American households continues to rise, reaching $392.45 billion last year, per the latest report by the Lilly School of Philanthropy for Giving USA. While the new deduction is larger, at $1,000 per single filer and $2,000 for married joint filers, a similar legislative effort in the '80s failed to move the needle on charitable giving, he said. "Somewhere out there is the Bill Gates of tomorrow." Get Inside Wealth directly to your inbox The Inside Wealth newsletter by Robert Frank is your weekly guide to high-net-worth investors and the industries that serve them.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/japan-denies-report-trump-told-pm-takaichi-not-to-provoke-china-on-taiwan?traffic_source=rss
Article: In a news briefing on Thursday, Japan’s top government spokesperson Minoru Kihara said “there is no such fact” about an article published in The Wall Street Journal claiming that Trump had made such a remark to the Japanese leader. The row between Asia’s two biggest economies began after Takaichi had suggested earlier this month that Tokyo could intervene militarily in any attack on self-ruled Taiwan, which China claims as part of its territory. After the incident, Beijing’s Foreign Ministry said that Chinese leader Xi Jinping pressed the issue in a phone call with Trump on Monday, saying Taiwan’s return was an “integral part of the post-war international order”. The WSJ reported on Thursday that, shortly after that phone call between the US and Chinese leaders, “Trump set up a call with Takaichi and advised her not to provoke Beijing on the question of the island’s sovereignty”. Advertisement Beijing, which has threatened to use force to take control of the self-ruled island, also took other punitive steps to register its anger over Takaichi’s initial remarks in parliament on November 7. As the diplomatic row escalated, the Chinese embassy in Tokyo issued a new warning to its citizens on Wednesday, saying there had been a surge in crime in Japan, and that Chinese citizens had reported “being insulted, beaten and injured for no reason”. Japan’s Foreign Ministry denied any increase in crime, citing figures from the National Police Agency in response that showed the number of murders from January to October had halved compared with the same period in 2024. Some officials worry that Trump may be prepared to soften support for Taiwan in pursuit of a trade accord with China, a move they fear will embolden Beijing and cause conflict in an increasingly militarised East Asia. Washington’s envoy to Tokyo has said the US supports Japan in the face of China’s “coercion”, but two senior ruling party lawmakers said they had hoped for more full-throated support from their top security ally in Washington, DC.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/11/27/egypts-all-important-parliamentary-elections-arent-elections-at-all?traffic_source=rss
Article: The voting results will not only decide the composition of the next parliament but will also determine whether, and for how long, the rule of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi will be extended. Since 2014, the regime has consistently eliminated potential presidential candidates preemptively, intimidated and arrested opposition campaigners, engaged in manipulation of voting processes, and used media crackdowns to ensure electoral dominance. With competition already tightly controlled through the individual-seat and list-seat systems, the National Elections Authority further narrowed the field by eliminating all but one list — el-Sisi’s National List for Egypt — from contention. During the first round of voting, held on November 10 and 11, widespread irregularities were alleged and some clearly documented, including vote buying, illegal campaigning, and various other forms of voter manipulation. Indeed, it could be just a matter of time before there is another popular uprising, or before the military empire decides to sacrifice el-Sisi the same way it sacrificed Mubarak in 2011.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5622955/national-guard-shooting-washington-dc-updates
Article: toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Two West Virginia National Guard members deployed to Washington, D.C., remain in critical condition after being shot while on patrol just blocks from the White House on Wednesday afternoon. Government, including CIA." The attack comes as President Trump has deployed the National Guard to several cities around the country, including the nation's capital in recent months — a pattern that has been controversial, and challenged in the courts. Sponsor Message In his statement, the CIA's Ratcliffe said: "In the wake of the disastrous Biden Withdrawal from Afghanistan, the Biden Administration justified bringing the alleged shooter to the United States in September 2021 due to his prior work with the U.S. Government, including CIA, as a member of a partner force in Kandahar, which ended shortly following the chaotic evacuation." He added: "This individual — and so many others — should have never been allowed to come here. "We must now re-examine every single alien who has entered our country from Afghanistan under Biden and we must take all necessary measures to ensure the removal of any alien from any country who does not belong here or add benefit to our country," he said. Citizen and Immigration Services announced it had stopped processing immigration applications from Afghan nationals "pending further review of security and vetting protocols." The move will almost certainly affect a number of Afghans who worked for the U.S. The deployment was part of a pattern since this summer of Trump deploying the National Guard to Democratic-led cities around the country, often against the wishes of local governors and authorities.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/guinea-bissau-soldiers-announce-general-as-junta-leader-cementing-a-coup-days-after-election
Article: BISSAU, Guinea-Bissau (AP) — Soldiers in Guinea-Bissau on Thursday announced a new junta leader for the country, cementing a forceful takeover of power that began after the country’s presidential election. “The inability of political actors to stem the deterioration of the political climate ultimately prompted the intervention of the armed forces,” said Inta-A, who was the army chief of staff until the coup and a close ally of deposed President Umaro Sissoco Embaló. The military takeover and the reported arrest of Embaló was “fabricated” to disrupt election results expected Thursday, according to his rival Fernando Dias, who, like Embalo, claimed to have won the vote. The opposition African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde and Dias had called on residents to stage protests against the coup and demand publication of the election results. The latest in a string of coups Guinea-Bissau, one of the world’s poorest countries, has been dogged by coups and attempted coups since its independence from Portugal more than 50 years ago, including a coup attempt in October. The reported coup is the latest in a surge of military takeovers in West Africa, where democracy recently has been challenged by disputed elections that analysts say could embolden militaries. READ MORE: Africa’s latest elections end with crackdowns on opposition and disputed results Gunshots rang out in the main city of Bissau on Wednesday just days after the tense presidential election, which Embalo and Dias both claimed to have won. The military officers who announced they had deposed the president cited the “discovery of an ongoing plan … to manipulate electoral results,” according to a spokesperson, Dinis N’Tchama, who was flanked by others during the televised statement.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/autumn-budget-what-rachel-reeves-tax-hikes-mean-for-uk-assets.html
Article: "It is a cost that not only reduces the value of savings but also increases the cost of equity capital for U.K.-listed companies, potentially leading to lower valuations." However, the overall policy mix unveiled on Wednesday left many investors feeling optimistic about the outlook for tradeable U.K. It doesn't change much in the way we should think about investing but clears some of the uncertainty we think has been holding back household spending and investing, and companies investing and hiring." The budget is not pleasant, but it is not Armageddon Global head of research at Invesco Benjamin Jones When it comes to U.K. The yield on the benchmark 10-year gilt was last seen trading 5 basis points higher at 4.479% — but Gkeka argued that yields had shown modest movements around the budget "in the grand scheme of things." "This stability is positive for investors, reflecting a more predictable market environment and provides attractive entry points for long-term exposure to elevated real yields," she said. Sally Conway, savings expert at Shawbrook — a British lender that listed on the London market last month — said cutting the cash ISA allowance delivers a blow to many savers. Shopping around for competitive rates, using a mix of easy access and [fixed-term] products, and ensuring emergency savings sit in the most appropriate accounts can help soften the impact of this change." Reeves also announced Wednesday that existing taxes on savings interest will rise by 2 percentage points in 2027. taxpayers do not pay savings tax, but for those who are liable, income tax for savings income will be 22%, the higher rate will be 42%, and the additional rate will be 47%. [But] if your property is significantly above the threshold and you already feel over-housed or want to release equity, downsizing can meaningfully reduce your long-term expenses." Meanwhile, Nick Mann, private client property partner at law firm Collyer Bristow, warned the new tax could have unintended consequences for the U.K.'s wider real estate market. "Whilst the market below [the threshold] will be buoyant, it will have a significant impact on slowing the market for properties valued above £2 million, particularly in London and the southeast [of England]." Pensions Private pensions are also subject to the tax hikes, with tax breaks on salary sacrifice pension contributions set to be reduced from 2029. "While salary sacrifice currently helps workers save up to 8% employee NI on the cost of their pension contributions, the savings on offer are bigger for employers," Young said in a note. Some generous employers have previously rewarded employees by sharing all or some of their saving, but it's likely the added costs to payroll will lead to reward schemes being watered down or withdrawn." Frances Li, founder and director of London-based Biscuit Recruitment, labeled the changes to pension savings "a hit to mid-career professionals." "Now they face a difficult choice: Save for the future or protect their take-home pay.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/airbus-ceo-europes-digital-battlefield-will-take-10-years.html
Article: CEO Guillaume Faury, who has urged the continent to collaborate more on defense since Russia's invasion of Ukraine, told CNBC the protocols to exchange data between countries and teams on the battlefield were still "still quite limited." The planemaker and defense company is part of efforts to improve information - sharing between European countries through what Faury called a "combat cloud," to better share data between "satellites, tankers, fighter jets, helicopters, and also objects on the ground" for security purposes. "That's a key enabler of the future digital battlefield that is going to take place when there is confrontation in the future," Faury told CNBC's Charlotte Reed in a fireside chat at the Adopt AI conference in Paris this week. "When we create players at scale, we can compete with the Americans or the Chinese." Faury has been vocal about his frustration about defense efforts since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022. In October Airbus, signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Italy's Leonardo and France's Thales to combine their space projects in a bid to establish a European leader that can rival the likes of Elon Musk 's Starlink. Faury said he expected Airbus' three-way partnership to "be able to fuel innovation, to do the right level of investments in Europe, for Europe and also for the rest of the world."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/washington-dc-shooting-does-us-view-77000-afghans-as-potential-threats?traffic_source=rss
Article: In response to the shooting, President Donald Trump said his administration must now re-examine every immigrant who has entered the US from Afghanistan during the administration of his predecessor President Joe Biden. The suspect sustained wounds that were described as not being life threatening, The Associated Press news agency reported, quoting an anonymous law enforcement official who had not been authorised to publicly discuss the matter. Biden immediately launched the Open Allies Welcome programme to allow vulnerable Afghan nationals, particularly those who might be viewed as US “collaborators” by the Taliban, to enter the US for two years without a permanent immigration status. According to Congressional Research Service estimates, about 77,000 Afghans came to the US under the programme, which remained in place for one year until the US moved to its longer-term resettlement plan known as Operation Enduring Welcome. “The suspect who shot our brave National Guardsmen is an Afghan national who was one of the many unvetted, mass paroled into the United States under Operation Allies Welcome on September 8, 2021, under the Biden Administration,” DHS Secretary Kristi Noem said in an X post on Wednesday. In a video address from his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, Trump called the shooting a “monstrous ambush-style attack” and “an act of evil and act of hatred and an act of terror”. He continued: “I can report tonight that based on the best available information, the Department of Homeland Security is confident that the suspect in custody is a foreigner who entered our country from Afghanistan, a hellhole on Earth. He was flown in by the Biden administration in September 2021.” Trump alleged that during the Biden administration, “nobody knew who was coming in” on the flights from Afghanistan to the US. The last administration let in 20 million unknown and unvetted foreigners from all over the world, from places that you don’t want to even know about.” Trump announced: “We must now re-examine every single alien who has entered our country from Afghanistan under Biden. And we must take all necessary measures to ensure the removal of any alien from any country who does not belong here or add benefit to our country.” Advertisement Patel said the shooting in the US capital “is a matter of national security”. “We have assembled the full force of both the federal and state and local law enforcement agencies to bring all of our resources to make sure we find the perpetrators responsible for this heinous act,” Patel added. The White House filed an emergency motion in federal court in the District of Columbia to halt an earlier ruling that would have seen the National Guard removed from Washington, DC. According to the DHS website, more than 40 percent of the Afghans who arrived in the US through the programme were eligible for special immigrant visas (SIVs), a visa granted to Afghans who assisted the US military during its 20 years of operations in Afghanistan and Iraq. But the DHS webpage detailing the Operation Allies Welcome programme at the time stated: “The US government is working around the clock to conduct the security screening and vetting of vulnerable Afghans before they are permitted entry into the United States, consistent with the dual goals of protecting national security and providing protection for our Afghan allies.” The website added that the DHS sent about 400 personnel from multiple agencies, including Customs and Border Protection, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Transportation Security Administration, the Coast Guard and the Secret Service to Bahrain, Germany, Kuwait, Italy, Qatar, Spain and the United Arab Emirates to work with the Departments of Defense (DOD) and State and other federal partners to process, screen, vet and interview Afghan nationals. In October, Trump announced a new refugee cap for the US of 7,500 for the 2026 fiscal year with priority given to white South Africans, who he claims are the subject of a “white genocide”.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c70989jrdweo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Track UK's latest migration numbers - including asylum, visas and small boats 26 minutes ago Share Save Share Save BBC Net migration to the UK - the number of people arriving, minus those leaving - has fallen close to pre-Covid levels, according to government figures published on Thursday. Graphics by: Jez Frazer and Zoe Bartholomew About the data *The figure for net migration will not sum exactly to the total of immigration minus emigration, because it is published as a rounded figure by the Office for National Statistics (ONS). The number of people appealing against a refused asylum decision is updated every three months by the Ministry of Justice at a different time to other government figures on asylum. Immigration, emigration and net migration Figures for net migration come from the ONS and use the internationally recognised definition of a long-term migrant: "a person who moves to a country other than that of their usual residence for at least a year." Visas for legal migration Data for total entries via visas only includes those granted. Less than half = more than 50% below the average share of the population Lower than = between 25% to 50% below the average share of the population About the same as = within 25% of the average share of the population Higher than = between 25% to 100% above the average share of the population More than double = more than 100% above the average share of the population Figures on the backlog of people waiting for an initial decision on an asylum application include both applicants and dependants. Small boat crossings and other illegal arrivals The figures for small boat crossings and the average number of people per boat are derived from the UK Home Office's daily timeseries. These reports are based on French and UK officials (such as police or coastguard) or media sources, and are considered an undercount by the IOM due to a lack of official statistics. Figures for other entries without permission are the sum of all irregular arrivals that were not by small boat, including inadequately documented air arrivals, recorded detections at UK ports and other recorded detections in the UK. Returns and deportations from the UK Figures on people who come to the UK but are denied entry at that point and then leave the country are not included in the number of returns in this page. People being returned after being convicted of a criminal offence includes people who are not British citizens who have been convicted in the UK of any criminal offence, or convicted abroad for a serious criminal offence.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/what-to-know-about-the-deadly-apartment-fire-in-hong-kong
Article: HONG KONG (AP) — Hong Kong’s worst fire in memory was still smoldering in several apartment towers Thursday as firefighters struggled to rescue dozens of people who remained unaccounted for. At least 65 people were known to have died in the blaze that broke out Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court in Taipo, a suburb in the city’s mountainous New Territories. Here’s what to know about the disaster: Why the buildings burst into flames Officials are investigating why construction materials, netting and bamboo scaffolding being used in renovations to the outsides of the high-rise buildings at Wang Fuk Court caught fire. How Hong Kong’s authorities have responded Firefighters struggled to bring the blazes under control as their ladders and hoses could only reach just over halfway up the 32-story buildings, or about 53 meters (174 feet) — under 20 stories. Helping the survivors The hundreds of survivors who were evacuated or were outside the buildings at the time the fire started were staying in temporary shelters, including a nearby school.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/fbi-probes-gunmans-motive-in-ambush-shooting-of-guardsmen-near-white-house.html
Article: Investigators led by the FBI's joint terrorism task force sought clues on Thursday to what drove an Afghan immigrant to open fire on two National Guard soldiers mere blocks from the White House in what officials called an "ambush" attack on Thanksgiving eve. The two soldiers, part of a militarized law enforcement mission ordered by President Donald Trump months ago and challenged in court by officials of the District of Columbia, were hospitalized in critical condition. Trump, who was at his resort in Florida at the time of the attack, released a prerecorded video statement late on Wednesday calling the shooting "an act of evil, an act of hatred and an act of terror." He said his administration would "re-examine" all Afghans who came to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services agency later said that it has halted processing of all immigration requests relating to Afghan nationals indefinitely, "pending further review of security and vetting protocols." According to the DHS, Lakanwal entered the U.S. The DHS did not include other details of his immigration record, but a Trump administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity said Lakanwal applied for asylum in December 2024 and was approved on April 23 of this year, three months after Trump took office. In response to Wednesday's shooting, Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said the president had asked to send another 500 National Guard troops to join the more than 2,000 Guard soldiers previously mobilized in the nation's capital. Attack outside subway station Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser, who has clashed openly with Trump over the deployment of Guard troops in her city, told reporters hours after the incident, "this is a targeted shooting." At the same news briefing, Jeff Carroll, executive assistant chief of the Washington Metropolitan Police Department, said the two Guard soldiers were "ambushed" and that the known assailant appeared to have acted alone. The two soldiers, members of the West Virginia National Guard, were on a "high-visibility patrol" outside the entrance to a subway station when the suspect "came around the corner," drew a weapon and immediately fired at the pair, Carroll said. Trump said in August he was ordering the National Guard deployment to fight crime in a city he said had become unsafe, despite objections from District of Columbia officials who challenged the move in court as an infringement on local government control. Wednesday's shooting came five days after a federal judge issued a ruling to temporarily block National Guard troops from performing law enforcement duties in the district without the mayor's approval, but the judge paused the effect of her order until December to allow an appeal from the Trump administration. Trump, a Republican, has deployed troops in several other Democratic-led cities — Los Angeles, Chicago, Portland, Oregon, and Memphis, Tennessee — to combat what he has described as lawlessness and violent unrest over his crackdown on illegal immigration.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/can-trump-ban-south-africa-from-2026-g20-summit-as-he-says-he-will?traffic_source=rss
Article: In a post earlier this month on his social media platform, Truth Social, Trump said South Africa’s role as host of this year’s summit, the first to be held in an African nation, was a “total disgrace”. “Afrikaners are being killed and slaughtered, and their land and farms are being illegally confiscated,” Trump wrote of the white community of people who descended from Dutch settlers and French and German immigrants, reiterating a claim that South Africa has condemned and for which there is no evidence. With no senior US officials attending the summit, South African President Cyril Ramaphosa ended the two-day meeting last weekend without passing on the gavel, as per tradition, to the next country taking the presidency. Advertisement “This gavel of this G20 summit formally closes this summit and now moves on to the next president of the G20, which is the United States, where we shall see each other again next year,” Ramaphosa said in his closing remarks on Sunday. On Wednesday, Trump also repeated that the US had not attended the summit because, he said, the South African government had refused to “acknowledge or address the horrific Human Right Abuses endured by Afrikaners, and other descendants of Dutch, French, and German settlers”. Therefore, at my direction, South Africa will NOT be receiving an invitation to the 2026 G20, which will be hosted in the Great City of Miami, Florida, next year.” “South Africa has demonstrated to the World they are not a country worthy of Membership anywhere, and we are going to stop all payments and subsidies to them, effective immediately. “It is regrettable that despite the efforts and numerous attempts by President Ramaphosa and his administration to reset the diplomatic relationship with the US, President Trump continues to apply punitive measures against South Africa based on misinformation and distortions about our country,” the statement ended. Advertisement Its other members are Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkiye, the United Kingdom, as well as the African Union, which joined as the 21st member at the 2023 summit in India. On that occasion, Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is subject to an arrest warrant by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) over the war in Ukraine, dispatched his Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to attend instead. One G20 member state cannot unilaterally ban another from the summit since it is an informal grouping of states and bodies, and there is no formal mechanism to do so. Three-quarters of land is still owned by the country’s white minority, more than 30 years after the end of apartheid, but South Africa says it is not targeting white landowners with the new law. He also signed the “Addressing Egregious Actions of the Republic of South Africa” Executive Order in response to the country’s Expropriation Act, which allows for land to be seized and redistributed. During a heated exchange with Trump at the White House in May, Ramaphosa denied claims of a “white genocide” and said South Africa generally experiences high rates of violent crime, which affects all ethnicities.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/hong-kong-fire-that-killed-dozens-under-control-hundreds-still-missing?traffic_source=rss
Article: Firefighters in Hong Kong are working for a second day to put out a large blaze at a residential complex that has killed at least 65 people in the Chinese territory’s deadliest and most destructive fire in 60 years. Officials said on Thursday that flames in four buildings in the Wang Fuk Court housing complex, located in the Tai Po neighbourhood, had been extinguished and fires in the rest of the site were under control. Amid the construction safety concerns, Hong Kong Chief Executive John Lee said all housing estates undergoing major improvements will be immediately inspected, and he announced plans to phase out bamboo scaffolding. Alex Webb, a fire safety engineer at CSIRO Infrastructure Technologies in Australia, said the disaster “is quite shocking” because regulations generally require buildings to be spaced apart to keep fires from spreading from one building to the next. “I believe we need to seriously review fire safety and site safety management across the entire industry, including government oversight,” said Chau Sze Kit, chairman of the Hong Kong Construction Industry Employees General Union. Numerous Chinese companies and groups – including Xiaomi, Xpeng and Geely as well as the charity foundation of Alibaba’s founder Jack Ma – have pledged millions in donations to the fire victims.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c75vwevr652o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Households face 'dismal' rise in spending power, says IFS 49 minutes ago Share Save Pritti Mistry Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Households are facing a "truly dismal" increase in their disposable income following the Budget, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) think tank says. The IFS points to analysis of the government's tax and spending plans by the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), which forecast that the average disposable income would grow by "only" 0.5% annually over the next five years. "The same is still true after this Budget." Her comments were backed up by the Resolution Foundation think tank, which predicted that the growth in living standards in this parliament would be the second worst on record.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyg3w9vexzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 9 minutes ago Share Save Simon Jack Business editor Share Save Getty Images Not a single measure in the government's policy-packed Budget will change the growth forecast for the next five years - that was the damning assessment of the government's official forecaster, the Office for Budget Reponsibility (OBR). Although businesses were relieved they didn't get clobbered the way they did at the last Budget - at which they were handed a £25bn employer national insurance hike – genuinely significant pro-business measures were thin on the ground. Little wonder many business leaders are asking: "Where is the growth?" Even the sectors that did get a mention as receiving special help – such as High Street retailers and hospitality – insist their costs of doing business are going to rise significantly through higher business rates and labour costs. An 8.5% pay rise for 18-20 year olds on the national living wage is good news for young people in work and an incentive for those who aren't to find a job, but on top of 16.3% rise for the same group last year, it may put employers off taking on new people. As one FTSE 100 boss told the BBC: "They are hurting the very people they are trying to help and it will mean fewer jobs, fewer hours, fewer premises, lower growth." The cap on salary sacrifice arrangement will hit both workers and businesses, who may reduce future pension contributions, pay rises or investment in growing their business.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy0792n8673o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ministers insist plans to absorb council Send debts won't hit school budgets 23 minutes ago Share Save Kate McGough Education reporter Share Save Getty Images The government has hit back at claims that its plans to include the cost of supporting children with special educational needs and disabilities (Send) in wider education spending could lead to less money for schools. The Department for Education (DfE) said projections from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) were "incorrect" and did not take into account the reforms it will set out in the new year. It was announced in Wednesday's Budget that the full cost of Send provision will be absorbed within departmental budgets by 2028-29, which means the future cost pressures of the Send system will sit on the government's books, rather than councils'. If that money had to be taken from existing school budgets, it said it would lead to a 4.9% fall in mainstream school spending per pupil, rather than the 0.5% increase planned by government. "We inherited a Send system on its knees and our changes will make sure children get support at the earliest stage, while bringing about financial sustainability for councils," they added.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/pope-leo-xiv-encourages-turkey-to-be-a-force-for-stability-and-peace-as-he-opens-first-foreign-trip
Article: ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Pope Leo XIV encouraged Turkey to be a source of stability and dialogue in a world riven by conflict, as he opened his first foreign trip as pope on Thursday with a plea for peace amid efforts to end wars in Ukraine and Gaza. The American pope emphasized a message of peace as he arrived in Ankara, welcomed on the tarmac by a military guard of honor and at the presidential palace by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Speaking to Erdogan and the country’s diplomatic corps at a library in the palace complex, Leo praised Turkey’s historic role as a bridge between East and West, at the crossroads of religions and cultures. “Today, more than ever, we need people who will promote dialogue and practice it with firm will and patient resolve.” Leo’s visit comes as Turkey, a country of more than 85 million people of predominantly Sunni Muslims, has cast itself as a key intermediary in efforts to end the conflicts in Ukraine and Gaza. Leo didn’t cite the conflicts specifically, but he quoted his predecessor, Pope Francis, in lamenting that the wars ravaging the world today amount to a “third world war fought piecemeal,” with resources spent on armaments instead of fighting hunger and poverty and protecting creation. The future of humanity is at stake.” A word about valuing women The speech was closely watched, since the first speech of any pope trip sets the tone for his visit. That’s all the more true for this first trip abroad for the first American pope, who will be delivering all his remarks in Turkey in English in a departure for the Italian-centric Vatican. “Women, in particular, through their studies and active participation in professional, cultural and political life, are increasingly placing themselves at the service of your community and its positive influence on the international scene,” Leo said. “We must greatly value then the important initiatives in this regard, which support the family and the contribution that women make toward the full flowering of social life.” Women’s rights activists continue to denounce Erdogan’s 2021 withdrawal from the Istanbul Convention, a landmark European treaty signed in Istanbul in 2011 to protect women from violence. According to the advocacy group We Will Stop Femicide, 237 women have been killed in Turkey so far in 2025, most by husbands, partners, or relatives, while another 247 women were found dead under suspicious circumstances. Historic anniversary The main impetus for Leo to travel to Turkey is to mark the 1,700th anniversary of the Council of Nicaea, an unprecedented gathering of at least 250 bishops from around the Roman Empire. Speaking to reporters on board his plane, Leo acknowledged the historic nature of his first foreign trip and said he has been looking forward to it because of what it means for Christians and for promoting peace in the world. “And to invite all people to come together to search for greater unity, greater harmony, and to look for the ways that all men and women can truly be brothers and sisters in spite of differences, in spite of different religions, in spite of different beliefs.” Leo also shared some more light-hearted moments with reporters, noting that Thursday was Thanksgiving in the United States. Reaction in Turkey Though support for Palestinians and for an end to the war in Ukraine is widespread in Turkey, for many, international politics is a secondary concern, as they face an ongoing cost-of-living crisis, owing to market turmoil induced by shake-ups in domestic politics.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/disneys-favorite-elves-get-ready-santa-prep-landing-snowball-protocol/18210748/
Article: The series airs Thanksgiving night on Disney Channel, the next day on Disney+ and Sunday night on ABC Disney's favorite elves get you ready for Santa with 'Prep & Landing: The Snowball Protocol' Dave Foley and Manny Jacinto talk "Prep & Landing: The Snowball Protocol," a holiday special series airing Thanksgiving evening on Disney Channel, the next day on Disney+ and Sunday on ABC. Dave Foley and Manny Jacinto talk "Prep & Landing: The Snowball Protocol," a holiday special series airing Thanksgiving evening on Disney Channel, the next day on Disney+ and Sunday on ABC. With the holiday season comes a plethora of holiday specials for the whole family and that includes "Prep & Landing: Snowball Protocol." It's about an elite group of elves who help millions of homes around the world get ready for the big guy. He's a character that feels like he has a right to be bitter, but then keeps being happy anyway You know, (he) keeps getting drawn into just realizing life's pretty good, no matter how much he tries to avoid it So I think that I like that about him that, yeah, he's unsuccessful at being a being cynical," Foley told On The Red Carpet. New cast members include Dulcé Sloan as Janice, a clerk at the North Pole Post Office, Danny Pudi as Chef Geoff, the master chef at the Fruitcake Factory and Manny Jacinto, who plays Renato, a holistic healer who helps get the elves ready for their missions. "It takes the characters into different worlds, different seasons and they even get to go on vacation." "Prep & Landing: The Snowball Protocol" airs Thanksgiving evening on Disney Channel and the next day on Disney+.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/indonesia-intensifies-search-for-victims-after-floods-and-landslides-kill-69-people
Article: MEDAN, Indonesia (AP) — Rescuers searched Thursday in rivers and the rubble of villages for bodies and possible survivors after flash floods and landslides on Indonesia’s Sumatra island left 69 people dead and 59 missing. In the neighboring district of Central Tapanuli, landslides hit several homes, killing at least a family of four as well as one person found dead in floods in the city of Padang Sidempuan. Rescue workers also recovered two bodies in Pakpak Bharat district and were searching for five people reported missing in Humbang Hasundutan, where four villagers were killed by landslides, Walintukan said. Deadly floods hit other provinces on Sumatra island Floods were also occurring elsewhere in the vast archipelago, including in Aceh and West Sumatra, where thousands of houses were flooded, many up to roofs, the disaster agency said. Rescuers by Thursday recovered at least nine bodies after landslides triggered by torrential rains struck three villages in Central Aceh on Wednesday, said the district chief Halili Yoga, who called on the local disaster agency to deploy and excavator to pull out at least two people buried under mud. The flooding in West Sumatra province submerged thousands of homes, including more than 3,300 houses in Padang Pariaman district, forcing about 12,000 residents to flee to temporary shelters, the local disaster mitigation agency said. The agency reported at least 23 people dead and five missing in West Sumatra province as rescuers recovered more bodies on Thursday, including the bodies of six people who drowned in floods in Lumin Park, a residential area in the provincial capital of Padang. Scores of rescue personnel searching through a river around the Anai Valley Waterfall area in Tanah Datar district where tons of mud, rocks and trees were left from flash floods, retrieved seven bodies on Thursday, including a child, Padang’s Search and Rescue Office reported. Rescue teams and volunteers in the worst-hit Agam district recovered 10 bodies of people who were swept away by floods in Malalak village by Thursday, said Hendri, a relief coordinator who goes by a single name. Heavy seasonal rain from about October to March frequently causes flooding and landslides in Indonesia, an archipelago of 17,000 islands where millions of people live in mountainous areas or near fertile flood plains.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/american-left-us-for-uk.html
Article: "In London, I just feel like my anxiety has lessened a lot, which is great." Shortly after Rivers got back to New York, she started figuring out how to return to London permanently, but the Covid-19 pandemic brought her plans to a complete halt. citizens applied to either become British subjects or to live and work in the country indefinitely from March 2024 to March 2025, the most since the U.K.'s Home Office began keeping records in 2004, according to The Guardian. The rent was 2,400 pounds or USD $3,159 when they first moved in and has since increased to 2,515.20 pounds or $3,311, according to documents reviewed by CNBC Make It. We told ourselves we wanted something different when we moved here and we wanted something that felt very London so that we had a different living experience than we did in the U.S.," Rivers says. One year later and the cost of living in London Now that Rivers and her fiancé have lived in London for a little over a year, they have settled in nicely, she says. Rivers did not want to disclose her salary, but says that although she did take a pay cut, she's happy with it and spends less money than she did while living in New York. Chanel Rivers Rivers' share of the monthly living expenses breakdown is as follows, according to documents reviewed by CNBC Make It: Rent = 1,215 pounds or $1,599 Cellphone = 49.70 pounds or $65 Internet/Wi-Fi = 20 pounds or $26 Water = 59.78 pounds or $79 Electricity = 121 pounds or $159 Groceries = 300 pounds or $395 Transportation = 115 pounds or $151 Amazon Prime = 8.99 pounds or $12 Pet insurance = 25.21 pounds or $33 Apple TV = $12.99 Rivers' biggest monthly expenses are rent, groceries and electricity, she says. Since moving to London, Rivers and her fiancé say they have also been able to take advantage of the city's location by taking local day trips on the train and traveling to Ireland and Mallorca.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/guinea-bissau-coup-what-happened-why-it-matters-what-happens-next?traffic_source=rss
Article: Wednesday’s military takeover is the latest in a string of coups across West Africa that have fractured the regional bloc, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), which is eager to crack down on military interventions and to instil democratic principles of government. In a joint statement with the African Union hours after the putsch, the bloc condemned the action despite what it described as an orderly and peaceful vote monitored by its observers on Sunday. Al Jazeera’s Nicolas Haque, reporting from nearby Senegal, said the army officer leading the coup, Brigadier General Denis N’Canha, had served as the head of the presidential guard before the takeover. “The man supposed to protect the president himself has put the president under arrest,” Haque said, adding that there appeared to be attempts by the military to cut the internet. “The High Military Command for the re-establishment of national and public order decides to immediately depose the president of the republic, to suspend, until new orders, all of the institutions of the republic of Guinea-Bissau,” he said. French news outlet Jeune Afrique quoted President Embalo as saying he had been arrested at about 1pm in his office, in what he called a coup led by the head of the presidential military office, N’Canha. The president also told French broadcaster France 24 in a phone call: “I have been deposed.” Advertisement Military officials have not provided any information about where the president is being held. Army chief of staff General Biague Na Ntam, his deputy, General Mamadou Toure, and Minister of Interior Botche Cande were arrested at the same time, and are all being held at the army headquarters, Jeune Afrique quoted Embalo as saying. Reuters, quoting anonymous sources, reported that opposition candidate Dias of the Party for Social Renewal, as well as Domingos Simoes Pereira, former prime minister and the head of the main opposition PAIGC (African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde), had been arrested. Pereira had been preparing to stand as the main opposition candidate in the election, but his PAIGC party was barred after the electoral commission said it had failed to submit its application on time. Following the December 2023 coup attempt, for example, which began as a clash between a unit in the army and the presidential guard, Embalo ordered that the opposition-controlled parliament be dissolved. It urged the electoral commission to go ahead and publish election results “which gave Dr Fernando Dias da Costa a big victory, assuring him victory right on the first lap”. On Wednesday, the Bissau-Guinean civil society coalition, Frente Popular or Popular Front, also accused Embalo and the army of staging a “simulated coup” to block the release of election results. Political infighting and the banning of PAIGC “likely contributed to a military intervention – even though there is a school of thought that this may have been staged to play up vulnerabilities against Embalo”, Ochieng added. “There have been growing concerns that longstanding disputes between Embalo and (the opposition) had forced Guinea-Bissau into a political deadlock which has been detrimental to the socioeconomic trajectory of the country,” he said. In September 2019, a major drug operation by local security officials and backed by the UNODC led to the arrests of Bissau-Guinean, Colombian, Mexican and Portuguese nationals who were tried and sentenced to 16 years in prison. A 2020 report by the Global Initiative Against Transnational Organised Crime warned that the drug trade could increase under the newly elected Embalo because key figures in the military had backed his presidency. Advertisement Ex-navy chief Jose Bubo Na Tchuto was arrested off the country’s coast by US forces and sentenced in October 2016 to four years in prison by a Manhattan court for conspiring to import drugs into the United States. “If, for example, we have a military coup, they will be more likely to create an environment through which they can grow their business by supporting or funding those who are in the army, so that they can shut their eyes and let them grow their business.” How has the international community reacted to the coup? In this regard, we urge the armed forces to immediately release the detained officials to allow the country’s electoral process to proceed to its conclusion.” Analyst Ochieng said ECOWAS was not vocal enough during the course of Embalo’s “political overreach”, including when he unilaterally dissolved parliament. Bissau was quiet and still being heavily patrolled by security forces on Thursday, although PAIGC called for a rally in front of the Ministry of the Interior, according to reporting by French radio channel, RFI. ECOWAS upheld suspensions on the military-led Mali, Burkina Faso and Niger for several months before the three exited the bloc and formed the Alliance of Sahel States (AES) in January.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/russia/putin-russia-ready-serious-talks-trump-peace-plan-ukraine-war-rcna246205
Article: Russia is ready for “serious” peace talks, Vladimir Putin said Thursday, adding that the draft of a plan discussed by the United States and Ukraine could form the basis of a future deal to end the conflict. Speaking to reporters during a visit to Kyrgyzstan, Putin was responding for the first time since Kyiv secured changes to the proposal, which was initially viewed as too favorable to the Kremlin. Trump had earmarked Thanksgiving as a date for more concrete announcements, and close observers of the Kremlin have raised doubts about its readiness to agree to a deal that would involve concessions. The Russian leader said he did not know who exactly will be part of the American delegation but added: “We are waiting for them in the first half of next week.” Meanwhile, Kyiv signaled that it was continuing talks with the American side all this week. was generally taking Russia’s position into account “in some aspects.” But Putin warned that the proposal would need to be rewritten in “diplomatic language,” and that some points, like one that stipulates that Russia is not going to attack Europe, sounded “funny to us.” He insisted that Russia had the upper hand across the front lines, noting that fighting would stop when Ukrainian troops withdraw from the territories they hold.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/canadians-couch-surfing-holiday-travel-rcna246094
Article: Record travelers, but tighter belts AAA projects that 81.8 million people will travel at least 50 miles over the long holiday weekend — 1.6 million more people than last Thanksgiving and a record level. More than a third of Americans who have travel plans during the next six months said those plans had been affected by the six-week government shutdown, according to survey data from Longwoods International, a travel and tourism research firm. It’s too early to predict how many people will opt to take commercial buses this weekend, said Kai Boysan, CEO of Flix North America, the parent company of FlixBus and the Greyhound bus service. “But searches are trending up year over year, especially around peak days: Tuesday and Wednesday before Thanksgiving and Sunday return.” Melissa Ulrich, owner of the Austin, Texas-based travel company You Pack, We Plan, said the shutdown had merely compounded the impact of existing economic pressures on some of her clients. Even before the government closed for six weeks, the Deloitte survey found that holiday travelers planned to spend around 18% less on average this year than they did in 2024. “Financial concerns could be casting a shadow over the season, as many travelers are expected to scale back on the number of trips, trip duration and their overall travel budgets,” said Eileen Crowley, who leads Deloitte’s U.S. But there’s a big catch: This overall growth in travelers is being driven chiefly by people who say they are going to be staying with friends and family — and who do not plan to pay for hotels, cruises and bed-and-breakfasts, Deloitte’s research found. The Canadian question For the more than 8 million Americans who make their living directly from travel and tourism, there could be a double whammy coming: less money coming in from domestic travelers and a significant drop in the number of visitors from abroad. In an apparent effort to encourage visitors, the Trump administration announced a new fast-track visa system for World Cup ticket holders, allowing them access to priority scheduling for visa interviews.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/how-to-make-the-most-of-your-holiday-gift-budget
Article: According to The Conference Board, a nonprofit business think tank and membership organization, the average American is expected to spend about 7% less on holiday purchases compared to last year. “The folks who are at the center of that onion are closest to you — that’s where you start with your list.” If you find yourself in a position where your list is longer than you can afford, Lizzie Post, co-president of the Emily Post Institute, said you can always narrow it down by crossing off people you’re not seeing at holiday gatherings. But just remember that you can always reel it back to those you’re gonna be spending the actual holidays with,” Post said Simply put: You can limit gifts to just “the people you actually are with on Christmas morning.” Setting expectations with family or friends Both experts agree that if you’re scaling back your gift-giving this year, the polite thing to do is to give your loved ones a heads up, even if you feel awkward or embarrassed. We are skimming back just a little bit, but I do want you to know that I love you, and whatever I provide for you this year comes from my heart and not necessarily from my wallet.” Communicating how your finances are working in terms of gift-giving this year is “nothing to be embarrassed about,” Post said. “The entire nation is dealing with this.” Responding to a loved one who says they’re scaling back Maybe instead you’re on the receiving end of a call from a loved one telling you they are scaling back or aren’t able to participate at all in gift-giving this year. Swann said it’s important to “just accept what they share in an understanding way and be respectful of the position that they’re in right now.” In this conversation, it’s also essential to reassure them that “their presence, their joy and brightness throughout the holiday season are what will really matter to you,” Post said, and “do the best you can to encourage them to still participate” in holiday gatherings. Get creative with your gifts and how you can participate in holiday gatherings If you aren’t able to shop for everyone on your list, get creative thinking of things you could do “that really would be in service of someone else,” Post said. Setting expectations with your children Post acknowledged that talking with your children about how much they will find under the tree this year can be a hard scenario to navigate since “so much of our culture focuses on the idea of gift-giving at the holidays.” She suggests getting your children involved in coming up with low-cost or no-cost experiences family can do together instead. “Or maybe it’s that each kid gets to pick a particular game that the whole family joins in on.” Swann suggests this is also a great opportunity for your children to get involved with their community. If you’re coordinating with Santa this holiday season over what gifts parents should buy and what he can bring, it’s completely up to parents to decide how to divide them up. Swann said that if the gift you choose has special meaning to your child, “it doesn’t necessarily have to cost as much,” since “it doesn’t take too much to please our young ones these days, especially when we’re looking at things that they really like and enjoy.” Another way to save some money and give a meaningful gift is to have both parents go in on a gift. “It’s really great when co-parents can get together on a few gifts so that even though we might be apart, we still get to give something from both parents,” Post said. When thinking of more affordable gifts to give your child’s teacher or daycare provider, experts told PBS News to avoid coffee mugs and body products, like sprays, lotions or washes. Also: “Teachers really do appreciate cards with thoughtful messages from their students.” This is not to dissuade people from purchasing a gift for the teacher, Post said, but a reminder that “you are one of 20-plus people thinking about this person” and “your words might go very far.” Both experts also said it’s a great idea to get in contact with other parents and see if there is a group gift you all can go in together. “It’s nice to offer something, but a card can certainly do a lot of work to spread cheer.” If you have the extra wiggle room in your budget, Swann said ornaments — including those that are handmade — make a great gift since they can be added to their holiday collection. Consumables like wine and cookies are popular go-tos, but Swann said “there’s a lot of really great gifts that are inexpensive that you can give to your host that would just make their day.” Focus on things that suit their interests. That could be “a really great wine bottle opener or set of wine glasses” if the host is a wine lover, “and you can even decorate those so that they’re memorable,” Swann said. Or if they “love to do spa-type things at home,” consider gifting a “cute spa kit.” If you’re bringing a dish to the party or attending a potluck, bring the food in a dish that you can leave for the host. If you don’t have that extra room in your budget, Post said it’s important to remember that “there is no ‘must’ when it comes to something like a hosting gift, especially at the holidays.” While it is nice to offer something if you have the means to do so, “don’t think of yourself as any less of a guest, or less of a person, if this isn’t a year that you can show up with extra gifts for your hosts.” If you are hosting this year and not as worried about your budget, “do feel confident letting your guests know they can come as they are and that you are providing everything,” Post said. Simply talk with your guests about it when they RSVP and make it clear that they’re RSVPing to a potluck event.” What if I receive a gift from someone and didn’t return the favor? “It’s really important to instead focus on the gift the person gave to you and how grateful you are for it, how surprised you are for it, or by it,” Post said. She wants people to remember that “gift-giving is not inherently a reciprocal event.” The person who gave you that gift likely “had no intention of making you feel bad.” So before you start apologizing for your lack of gift or consider telling a white lie about how you left their gift at home or it’s still shipping, Post said to instead “use it as inspiration to get them something later in the season.” A great, economical gift for anyone A framed photo. “We take so many pictures of ourselves and we post them online or they live in the cloud, but why not pull that photo, print it out, and put it in a nice frame?” Swann said. “It’s a great way to give someone an inexpensive gift that’s meaningful and memorable.” Post said this is one of her favorite gifts to receive since “my house is now filled with the faces that I love.”

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/hundreds-of-children-terrified-and-alone-after-fleeing-sudans-el-fasher?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hundreds of Sudanese children have arrived in the town of Tawila in Sudan’s western Darfur region without their parents since the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) seized control of the city of el-Fasher last month, a humanitarian group says. Many became separated from their parents during the chaos of flight, while others’ parents are believed to have gone missing, been detained or killed.” The RSF seized control of el-Fasher – the capital of Sudan’s North Darfur state – on October 26 after an 18-month siege that cut residents off from food, medicine and other critical supplies. The paramilitary group, which has been battling the Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) for control of Sudan since April 2023, has been accused of committing mass killings, kidnappings and widespread acts of sexual violence in its takeover of the city. “They describe hiding for hours, travelling at night to avoid attacks, and becoming separated from family in the chaos.” Fears of human trafficking Humanitarian groups have said the already heavily populated displacement camps in Tawila are becoming overwhelmed with the influx of new arrivals from el-Fasher and its surrounding villages. The Sudanese American Physicians Association estimated in early November that more than 650,000 internally displaced people from el-Fasher and other parts of Darfur had sought refuge in Tawila amid months of fighting in the region. Nearly three-quarters of displaced residents – 74 percent – lived in informal sites without adequate infrastructure, the group said in a November 5 report, while less than 10 percent of displaced households had reliable access to water or latrines. At the same time, a group of UN experts warned on Thursday that the deteriorating situation in the region has opened Sudanese women and girls up to a heightened risk of sexual exploitation and trafficking. “Women and girls have been abducted in RSF-controlled areas, and women, unaccompanied and separated children are at elevated risk of sexual violence and sexual exploitation.” Noting that families have been left without shelter, humanitarian aid, and access to basic services, including healthcare and education, the experts called for “urgent action to end the human rights violations driving this suffering”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/putin-says-us-backed-peace-plan-as-framework-is-ok-in?traffic_source=rss
Article: Russia’s President Vladimir Putin has expressed optimism about a draft United States-backed peace plan for Ukraine, saying it could serve as the foundation for a future deal that Russia is ready for “serious” discussion on. Speaking to reporters Thursday while on a state visit to Kyrgyzstan, Putin acknowledged the US had taken Russia’s position into account in negotiations, but said some issues still needed to be hammered out. The Russian leader also confirmed United States President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff would soon travel to Moscow for more talks, which he said should focus on Russia-controlled Donbas and Crimea. The US last week revealed a 28-point peace plan for Ukraine that was widely viewed as too favourable to Russia, including calling for Kyiv to make major territorial concessions and abandon its NATO ambitions. The plan has since been altered with Ukrainian input, nixing a 600,000-member cap on Ukraine’s army and a general war crimes amnesty, said Ukraine’s First Deputy Foreign Minister Sergiy Kyslytsya. ‘Ukrainian troops must withdraw’ Despite Putin’s apparent openness to a settlement, he insisted Russia is willing to keep fighting the nearly four-year war that has killed or wounded hundreds of thousands on each side if Ukraine does not give up key territory. The Russian leader also said any future agreement must acknowledge Russia’s territorial gains in Ukraine and be accepted by the international community, adding that he views Ukraine’s current leadership as illegitimate. Russia sentences alleged Crimea bridge attackers Putin’s remarks come the same day a Russian court issued a verdict in a deadly 2022 truck bomb attack claimed by Ukraine’s secret services. The military court in the Russian city of Rostov-on-Don handed life sentences to eight men accused of helping Ukraine’s secret services carry out the bombing, which ripped through a bridge linking southern Russia to Russian-annexed Crimea and damaged what was a key supply route for Russian forces fighting in Ukraine.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqlkrgyy2r3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Warnings after young care leavers face increase in homelessness 24 minutes ago Share Save Georgia Roberts Political Correspondent Share Save BBC Kerrie Portman slept in buses and public toilets after dropping out of Cambridge University Young people leaving care in England face a sharper increase in homelessness compared to the population more broadly, latest figures show. It comes after warnings the youngest care leavers face a "devastating care cliff", which sees them losing support when they turn 18 and leave care, as well as difficulties with joblessness. The numbers of households with care leavers aged 18 to 20 threatened with homelessness in the past year increased by 9% on the previous year, and those already homeless and owed a relief duty grew by 6%. "We are tackling the worst forms of homelessness and figures show we are reducing the worst forms of temporary accommodation with on-going reductions in B&B use." She pointed to the government's Homelessness Strategy, saying the government was providing £1bn for social housing, and £39bn for affordable housing. She got a place to study at Cambridge University but, struggling to cope with a lack of support, she dropped out and found herself sleeping rough and going between squats. "I didn't have any sort of safety net, so I didn't have any family to fall back on for support…being a woman I was obviously [also] more at risk." Kerrie would take long buses to avoid the streets, staying in McDonalds or sleeping in public bathrooms to try and stay safe - but still couldn't escape abusive and violent situations. "I've never had the stability to be able to focus on work experience and that sort of thing, because when I've been experiencing chronic homelessness I've just been focused on survival." She is now completing an Open University course, her third attempt at sustaining study in higher education, and has had support in finding a suitable long term home. And then the more disadvantaged a person is, the more that leads to more disadvantage." Lack of safety net While local authorities are legally obliged to provide some support for care leavers who leave the system at the age of 18, campaigners say the lack of safety net in terms of family, accommodation and other factors make them more vulnerable. At 18, they face a devastating care cliff where vital support vanishes and they're expected to become independent overnight." Figures show 40% of the youngest care leavers in England aged 19 to 21 are not in education, employment or training - known as NEETs - compared to 15% for all young people in that category. The government is concerned about the number of young people in this situation, and say the Youth Guarantee Scheme, which will offer paid work or apprenticeships to prevent long term unemployment among young people, will help those who have experienced care. But there are calls from Labour MPs to keep in place some benefits for care leavers that the government have not committed to retaining as part of upcoming welfare reforms. Rachel De Souza says she isn't confident the government have an adequate strategy for long term support Children's commissioner Rachel De Souza said the state acted as parent for care leavers, and so on issues such as housing and benefits, they needed priority. "I'm not confident...because Westminster is not very good at thinking about the long-term realities of young people's lives when the fixes are not easy." She has called for priority in housing for the 50-60,000 care leavers between the ages of 17 to 21, and for benefits to reflect the fact that a care leaver needs to set up home and pay for bills. He has been pressing ministers to consider giving younger care leavers the same rate of Universal Credit received by those over 25, pointing out they would have the same obligations an older claimant.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c62n3enz9klo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Firefighters search for hundreds still missing in devastating Hong Kong tower blocks fire 1 hour ago Share Save Jaroslav Lukiv and Fan Wang Share Save Watch: Deadly fire engulfs Hong Kong apartment blocks Firefighters are still searching for hundreds of missing people after a massive fire tore through multiple high-rise residential buildings in Hong Kong. The fierce heat of the blaze, as well as dangerous debris and the risk posed from collapsing scaffolding, has hampered rescue efforts, but the fire department has so far rescued 55 people. Reuters Reuters As firefighters bring the blaze under control, the extent of the damage is yet to be assessed Thick smoke billowed into the sky as bystanders watched on The mood in Hong Kong has shifted from shock to anguish, as questions grow regarding who should be held accountable for the blaze. Kiko Ma, 33, who has an apartment in the housing complex, told the BBC that some of the fire alarms had been turned off during the renovation, as construction workers regularly used fire escapes to enter and exit the buildings.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/27/hong-kong-police-arrest-construction-firm-bosses-over-fire-death-toll-hits-75-with-300-missing.html
Article: HONG KONG, CHINA - NOVEMBER 26: Thick smoke and flames rise as fire engulfs high-rise residential buildings at the Wang Fuk Court complex on November 26, 2025 in Hong Kong, China. Hong Kong police arrested the bosses of a construction company on suspicion of manslaughter on Thursday over the city's worst fire in nearly 80 years, which killed at least 75 people with 300 still listed as missing. "We have reason to believe that the company's responsible parties were grossly negligent, which led to this accident and caused the fire to spread uncontrollably, resulting in major casualties," police superintendent Eileen Chung said. The eight blocks of the tightly packed complex of 2,000 apartments were home to more than 4,600 people in the financial hub, which is struggling to overcome chronic shortages of affordable housing. The leadership of both the Hong Kong government and China's Communist Party moved quickly to show they attached utmost importance to a tragedy seen as a potential test of Beijing's grip on the semi-autonomous region. "All of our belongings were in this building, and now that it has all burned like this, what's left?" An online app showed reports of missing persons submitted through a linked Google document that detailed residents of individual towers and rooms. It includes descriptions such as "Mother-in-law in her 70s, missing" or "one boy and one girl" or "Rooftop: 33-year-old male." One simply reads "27th floor, room 1: He is dead." Reuters could not independently verify the information on the app.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/us-appears-to-back-plan-to-divide-gaza-rebuild-israeli-controlled-side?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States Department of State has backed plans to establish what it calls “alternative safe communities” (ASC) in Gaza, part of a US-Israeli plan that would appear to divide the Palestinian enclave into two. A State Department spokesperson confirmed to Al Jazeera that it supported the ASC “approach”, saying it was “seen as the most effective way to achieve” the goal of “moving people into safe accommodations as quickly as possible”. The ASC plan has emerged in recent weeks as part of wider discussions that would see Gaza split into a “green zone” controlled by Israel and a “red zone” controlled by the Palestinian group Hamas. There has been little clarity over how the plan would work, and details appear to still be in flux, but the broad outline, according to reporting in The New York Times and other outlets, is that reconstruction in Gaza would take place only in areas controlled by Israel and not in those where Hamas still operates. This means the areas where the majority of Gaza’s estimated 2.2 million residents still live, including Gaza City and central regions such as Deir el-Balah, would not see any reconstruction despite the desperate situation Palestinians there continue to live in. “US efforts are directed toward rebuilding in those parts of Gaza where the majority of the population currently resides,” the spokesperson added, although it was unclear if that meant that rebuilding would also occur in non-Israeli-controlled areas under the ASC plan or whether the US hoped that the majority of Gaza’s population would move to Israeli-controlled areas. “If they [the US and Israel] could establish a proper situation, people might move there, but it’s not feasible,” Hussein, a Palestinian from Gaza City, said of the US plans. The destruction of Gaza’s buildings has come as a result of Israeli air strikes and shelling as well as a systematic campaign to deliberately demolish vast swaths of the territory. Engineering a new Gaza While few Palestinians currently live in Gaza’s Israeli-controlled zone, US hopes are understood to rest on the idea that development, security and presumably access to medical care and welfare would be enough to draw people from other areas of Gaza. According to The New York Times, Israeli security services are likely to conduct background checks on Palestinians seeking shelter in the new compounds, giving Israel a veto over who will be allowed in. The outlet added that European diplomats have expressed concern that the eventual criteria could exclude large numbers of Palestinians, including civil servants, such as police and medical staff, who have worked under Hamas’s 18-year administration of the enclave as well as their family members. Division, partition and shrunken space Arab and European officials as well as agencies such as Refugees International have expressed concern that the division of Gaza into red and green zones may pave the way to permanent partition. Speaking in April, Netanyahu spoke of plans to “divide up” Gaza by building a new Israel-controlled security corridor between Rafah and Khan Younis, suggesting Israel was preparing to separate the two cities. As recently as September, far-right Israeli Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich characterised Gaza as a “real estate bonanza”, telling an audience that he was already in negotiations with the Americans on how to divide up the enclave after the war. Smotrich and other Israeli settler leaders have consistently called for Israel to create illegal settlements for Jewish Israelis in Gaza and essentially force the Palestinian population out in what would amount to ethnic cleansing. “You can’t squeeze 2 million people into a space even smaller than that which they’re already in.” “Imposing an Israeli or American solution onto Gaza just isn’t going to work. “Palestinians need to be part of any settlement, or it’s never going to be stable.” Advertisement In Gaza, news of US and Israeli plans for the future of Palestinians is doing little to reassure a population battered and displaced after two years of Israeli assaults.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/national-guard-members-shot-in-washington-dc-attack-identified?traffic_source=rss
Article: Washington, DC – Authorities in the United States have identified the two National Guard members shot in Washington, DC, in what the FBI is investigating as an act of “terrorism”. US Attorney Jeanine Pirro on Thursday named 20-year-old Sarah Beckstrom and 24-year-old Andrew Wolfe as the West Virginia National Guard members who were shot a day earlier, just blocks from the White House. “But if something happens – I will tell you right now, I will tell you early – we will do everything in our power to seek the death penalty against that man.” The attack came at a time of heightened scrutiny over Trump’s decision to deploy the National Guard to Washington, DC, and other US cities. On Thursday, Trump administration officials continued to focus on the Biden administration’s withdrawal from Afghanistan, which was conducted after a deal struck by Trump and the Taliban during the Republican leader’s first term. During the withdrawal, the Biden administration launched Operation Allies Welcome to quickly relocate Afghans to the US, including those who had worked alongside US forces and Western entities in Afghanistan for more than two decades. On Thursday, John Ratcliffe, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), said in a statement that the attacker had worked with the agency “as a member of a partner force” in the southern Taliban stronghold of Kandahar before coming to the US. The attack has sparked fear for Afghan evacuees in the US and those still seeking relocation from Afghanistan after many were already reeling from the Trump administration’s hardline restrictions on refugees and asylum seekers. In a statement, Shawn VanDiver, the president of the AfghanEvac humanitarian advocacy group, urged “the media, elected leaders and decision-makers and other people of influence not to demonize the Afghan community for the deranged choice this person made”. Advertisement Richard Bennett, the UN special rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan, echoed that sentiment, saying the “entire Afghan community must not be punished due to the actions of one individual”.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj9y0pjzmdro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Hang in there': Agonising wait for the missing after Hong Kong blaze 42 minutes ago Share Save Koey Lee , BBC News Chinese, Hong Kong , Abel U , BBC News Chinese, Hong Kong and Grace Tsoi , BBC World Service, Hong Kong Share Save Getty Images "Hang in there." Those were the last words Mr Chung said to his wife after a huge fire broke out in their high rise public housing complex in Hong Kong 's Tai Po district. "I dare not call her again." BBC News Chinese Mr Chung believes his wife died with their cat in the fire Given that hours had passed since they spoke, he was braced for the worst. When the fire started, Mr Chung says, the smoke on the 23rd floor, where they lived, turned so thick within just 10 minutes, that his wife couldn't find her way out. The cause of the fire is still unclear, but authorities believe renovations using flammable material and scaffolding helped spread what has now become the deadliest blaze in Hong Kong in six decades. It engulfed seven of the eight buildings - comprising 1,800 units - in Wang Fuk Court, a subsidised housing estate built in 1983 to the north of Hong Kong Island, where the city's wealthy live. All the same, she is holding on to hope: "We will think about our next steps after my mum comes out." She sought help from police, but she says she was furious when they called her back to ask if it was possible her mother could have somehow escaped. She demanded to know how that was possible: "You know much better than us how badly burnt Wang Cheong House is!" Reuters The fire was only brought under control after almost 24 hours On social media, posts about missing elderly relatives, children and pets have been circulating endlessly. It's nearly 30 hours and there has been no updates from the fire service…" In a later post, she said: "I am afraid there is no hope." By Thursday night she confirmed to the South China Morning Post that her child was dead.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp84nl57v0lo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Putin doubles down on demands for Ukrainian territory ahead of talks with US in Moscow Russia will lay down arms only if Kyiv's troops withdraw from territory claimed by Moscow, Putin said For Kyiv, which has ruled out relinquishing the parts of the Donbas it still holds, rewarding Russia for its aggression is a non-starter. President Vladimir Putin has doubled down on his core demands for ending the war in Ukraine, stating that Russia will lay down arms only if Kyiv's troops withdraw from territory claimed by Moscow. Speaking to reporters during a trip to Kyrgyzstan, Putin repeated his view that Russia has the initiative on the battlefield and the fighting would only end when Ukrainian troops withdrew from the embattled territories. Thursday's remarks were the first time that Putin addressed the hectic diplomatic moves of the last week, which saw the US and Ukraine hold intense discussions over a peace plan reportedly drafted in October by American and Russian officials. However, it is thought it does not address the issue of the occupied territories which - alongside security guarantees for Ukraine - is the biggest sticking point between Moscow and Kyiv. Asked about the possibility of Crimea and the Donbas being recognised as Russian de facto but not legally, Putin said: "This is the point of our discussion with our American counterparts". Earlier this week Trump said there were "only a few remaining points of disagreement" between Russia and Ukraine – but indicated he would not meet with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky until these points had been straightened out. During his comments to reporters Putin again expressed his contempt for the Ukrainian leadership, which he said he considered illegitimate and that there was therefore "no use" signing the documents. Ukraine has been under martial law since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022 and has therefore been unable to hold scheduled elections - leading pro-Russian commentators to question the legitimacy of President Zelensky's leadership.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgqp71p2nqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 44 minutes ago Share Save Chris Mason Political editor Share Save PM tells BBC's Chris Mason that Budget will lift "500,000 children out of poverty" I can't remember when I last heard Sir Keir Starmer sounding so passionate. He was talking about the policy announced in the Budget to scrap the two child benefit cap, introduced under the Conservatives in 2017, meaning parents can only claim universal credit or tax credits for their first two children. It's a very good thing for those children." And yet it has taken him almost 18 months in office to make this announcement and in that year and a half he kicked seven Labour MPs out of his parliamentary party for voting for the very thing he is now so passionately endorsing. The striking big picture observation about Wednesday's Budget is the extent to which Sir Keir and Chancellor Rachel Reeves are proudly leaning into it being about big tax increases and big spending increases. It is a Leftwards tilt - and some distance from what senior Labour figures repeatedly told during the general election campaign when I challenged them about the prospect of tax increases. Was the Budget about a politically vulnerable prime minister and chancellor shoring up support among their own MPs, who fret that the government – and by extension them – are deeply, deeply unpopular? "It'll go down well with the PLP," one minister told me, referring to the Parliamentary Labour Party, knowingly nodding to the prospect that a wider audience around the country may be more sceptical. He knows defying the gloomy economic forecasts will be key to him defying the gloomy political forecasts, with many of his own MPs privately pondering how long he should carry on if the government continues to remain so unpopular with voters.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c17xdy9g01jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Seventh Met officer sacked after BBC Panorama film 49 minutes ago Share Save Harry Low London Share Save PA Media Seven Charing Cross police station officers have been dismissed in the wake of a BBC investigation A Metropolitan Police constable who expressed discriminatory views about Muslims has become the seventh officer based at Charing Cross police station to be sacked following a BBC investigation. PC Sean Park also boasted about pretending not to see an alleged excessive use of force by another officer who is said to have stamped on a detainee's ankle, the Met said. PC Park was found to have breached standards of professional behaviour for authority, respect and courtesy, discreditable conduct, challenging and reporting improper conduct, and equality and diversity, Scotland Yard said. PC Brian Sharkey was also due to face a hearing on Wednesday but, according to the Met, "the BBC have once again disclosed additional unaired footage to the IOPC at extremely short notice... On 28 October, Sgt Clayton Robinson was dismissed after a panel heard he had "trivialised" the allegation of a woman during a rape investigation and "mocked the victim" by singing a song with another officer PC Jason Sinclair-Birt was dismissed on 24 October after being secretly filmed "boasting about and revelling in the use of force" on a detainee.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cn98g4jje73o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Under-pressure Liverpool manager Arne Slot says talks with the club's owners after the defeat by PSV Eindhoven were the "same conversations" he has had with them since arriving at Anfield and they will "fight on". The Dutch manager is under increasing pressure at Anfield after the Reds suffered a 4-1 defeat to PSV in the Champions League, their ninth loss in 12 games this season making it their worst run in 71 years. Asked whether he had spoken to sporting director Richard Hughes or the ownership group after the game, Slot said: "We've had the same conversations that we've had since I got here. We try to improve, but the conversations have been the same as they have been for the last one and a half years." Slot helped Liverpool secure their 20th league title in May and spent almost £450m on new signings in the summer, including a British record £125m for Alexander Isak. However, the reigning champions are 12th in the Premier League with six wins and six defeats after 12 matches while they sit 13th in the 36-team league phase of the Champions League.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/c3w7eyw5deno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump is yet to pick up any silverware in 2025 and faces a tricky last-32 contest against Maguire, who was the UK champion in 2004 and also reached the final in 2007 and 2019. 'The Rocket', who turns 50 on the day of the quarter-finals, has won all seven of his previous meetings with the world number 29, who reached the final of the English Open earlier this season. The first Triple Crown event of the season, which will be shown live on the BBC, takes place at York Barbican from 29 November to 7 December and offers a top prize of £250,000. Current world champion Zhao Xintong will meet Long Zehuang or Louis Heathcote on Monday, while Kyren Wilson, who triumphed at the Crucible in 2024, plays Elliot Slessor - the highest-ranked qualifier in the field. UK Championship last-32 draw: Judd Trump v Stephen Maguire Si Jiahui v Hossein Vafaei or Ryan Day Ding Junhui v Tom Ford or Xu Si Mark Allen v Scott Donaldson Mark Williams v David Gilbert Xiao Guodong v Pang Junxu or Noppon Saengkham Wu Yize v Michael Holt Neil Robertson v He Guoqiang or Julien Leclercq Kyren Wilson v Elliot Slessor Barry Hawkins v David Lilley or Artemijs Zizins Mark Selby v Lei Peifan or Jimmy Robertson Ronnie O'Sullivan v Zhou Yuelong John Higgins v Ben Woollaston Shaun Murphy v Lyu Haotian Gary Wilson v Zhang Anda or Thepchaiya Un-Nooh Zhao Xintong v Long Zehuang or Louis Heathcote

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/french-president-unveils-new-military-program-for-volunteers-aged-18-and-19
Article: VARCES, France (AP) — President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday unveiled a new program meant to bolster France’s armed forces by training thousands of volunteers aged 18 and 19 starting next year, part of a broader response to concerns over Russia’s threat to European nations beyond the war in Ukraine. The young volunteers will serve in uniform for 10 months in France’s mainland and oversea territories only, not in military operations abroad, Macron said in a speech at the Varces military base, which is located in the French Alps. “In this uncertain world where power prevails over law and war is an ever-present reality, our nation has no right to fear, panic, unpreparedness, or division.” The program will start with 3,000 youth to be selected next summer and will gradually increase to 10,000 per year by 2030. Only under “exceptional circumstances” may parliament authorize enlisting those whose skills were identified during a one-day defense course, which all youths go through, and make national service mandatory for those people, Macron said. “But nevertheless I think it was needed somewhere to make sure that the young generations understand that freedom and peace are not taken for granted and it doesn’t come as a free lunch.” Macron previously said France is seeking to boost its defenses as Russia’s war in Ukraine puts the European continent at “great risk.” A growing sense of threat France’s new army chief of staff, Gen. Fabien Mandon, last week sent a warning about the nation’s need to get prepared to “lose its children” in the event of a potential conflict with Russia – words that prompted an outcry across the political spectrum. Belgium’s defense minister sent a letter this month to 17-year-olds to encourage them to sign up for military service next year, with the aim to select 500 candidates between 18 and 25 to launch the program in September. Poland has recently started rolling out a new voluntary military training program and aims to train 100,000 volunteers per year from 2027 as it seeks to build an army of reservists with worries about Russia growing.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/tunisia-frees-sonia-dahmani-prominent-lawyer-critic-of-president-saied?traffic_source=rss
Article: As Dahmani was released from a prison in Manouba near Tunis, dozens of her family members and activists chanted: “The police state’s era of repression is over.” She told reporters, “I hope this is the end of the nightmare for me and all the other prisoners.” Her lawyer Sami Ben Ghazi said the justice minister had issued a release order under a system that enables prisoners to apply for release after serving half their sentences. Advertisement Many of the powers that Saied had taken for himself were later enshrined in a new constitution, ratified in a widely boycotted 2022 referendum, while media figures and lawyers critical of Saied have been prosecuted and detained under a harsh “fake news” law enacted that same year. Widespread crackdown Amnesty International said this month that a crackdown on rights groups has reached critical levels with arbitrary arrests, detentions, asset freezes, banking restrictions and suspensions targeting 14 NGOs. Human Rights Watch said more than 50 people, including politicians, lawyers, journalists and activists, have been subjected to arbitrary arrest or prosecution since late 2022 for exercising their rights to freedom of expression, peaceful assembly and political activity. Nadia Akacha, the Tunisian president’s former chief of staff, who was considered one of his closest and most influential aides, was sentenced to 35 years in prison in absentia in July.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/us-teen-mohammed-ibrahim-released-from-israeli-prison-after-nine-months?traffic_source=rss
Article: Israeli authorities have freed Palestinian American teenager Mohammed Ibrahim after more than nine months of detention, in a case that advocates say embodies Israeli abuses against Palestinians in the occupied West Bank. “We couldn’t believe Mohammed was free until his parents wrapped their arms around him and felt him safe.” Mohammed was arrested over allegations that he threw rocks at Israeli settlers, which he denied. Throughout his detention, his family members pleaded with the administration of US President Donald Trump to push for his release — or at least ensure that he had access to adequate food and healthcare. “For more than 9 months, our family has been living a horrific and endless nightmare, particularly Mohammed’s mother and father, who haven’t been able to see or touch their youngest child for nearly a year, all while knowing Israeli soldiers were beating him and starving him.” The pressure campaign to release Mohammed intensified over the past few weeks amid reports that his health was deteriorating. Thursday’s statement thanked those who pushed for Mohammed’s release and said the family plans to celebrate his freedom by celebrating the teenager’s 16th birthday belatedly, with his mother Muna serving his favourite meal.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/what-we-do-and-dont-know-about-the-shooting-of-2-national-guard-members-in-dc
Article: shooting, say suspect is Afghan national Officials have released the names of the suspect, who is in custody, and the Guard members who were shot, but the motive for the attack is not yet clear. Here’s what we know so far, and what we don’t know: Condition of the National Guard members The Guard members, who have been identified as Specialist Sarah Beckstrom, 20, and Staff Sgt. They belong to the West Virginia National Guard, which deployed hundreds of troops to the nation’s capital as part of President Donald Trump’s crime-fighting mission that involved taking over the local police department. Carroll said that it was not clear whether one of the Guard members or a law enforcement officer shot the suspect and that investigators so far had no information on a motive. A federal judge last week ordered an end to the Guard deployment but also put her order on hold for 21 days to allow the Trump administration time to either remove the troops or appeal.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/obituaries/2025/11/27/robert-am-stern-dead-architect/
Article: Stern led the Yale School of Architecture from 1998 to 2016; was the author or co-author of more than two dozen books, including a multivolume history of New York City architecture, and appeared in countless documentaries. The firm was also known for university buildings, including the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia; Weill Hall at the University of Michigan; and Miller Hall at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, among many others. Stern called it “a traditional building with modern overtones,” adding, “One of the best things about it is that it fits into the campus of SMU, which is an exclusively Georgian-style campus.” He praised the president of SMU for “keeping his campus coherent.” A dapper dresser and witty conversationalist, Mr. like a sprawling banquet hall that happens to operate a small museum.” But, she added, “The museum board certainly knew what it was getting into when it hired Robert A.M. Copying is what a Xerox machine does; imitation is what an artist does.” Yearning for Manhattan Robert Arthur Morton Stern was born in Brooklyn on May 23, 1939, and grew up in a one-bedroom apartment. Stern wrote in his 2022 memoir, “Between Memory and Invention: My Journey in Architecture.” Manhattan on the other hand, “was a kind of metropolitan Oz.” He graduated from Columbia University in 1960 and received a master of architecture degree from Yale in 1965. “The architecture that came out of the Bauhaus isn’t very interesting.” At Yale his few allies included architectural historian Vincent Scully and architect Philip Johnson, neither of whom saw modernism as the only acceptable style. Stern’s design for the Walt Disney Feature Animation Building, in Burbank, California, included, over its main entrance, a monumental version of Mickey Mouse’s hat from “The Sorcerer’s Apprentice” sequence in the Disney film “Fantasia.” For more than a decade, Mr. Stern amazed the world of architecture with his enormous productivity — running a successful firm while spending much of his time teaching, first at Columbia and then at Yale, where he was an ecumenical dean, bringing architects of all persuasions to the school. Blair Kamin, writing in the Chicago Tribune in 2017, described them as “strong, city-enhancing buildings … graced with commodious, tradition-tinged rooms that students who grew up reading Harry Potter novels can be expected to appreciate.” Yet he decried their “inconsistency and lapses into excess.” Mr. “We have to rise above our prejudices,” he told the Times in 1996, when he compiled a list of 35 modern buildings in New York that he believed deserved landmark status. They ran (chronologically) from “New York 1880: Architecture and Urbanism in the Gilded Age” to “New York 2000: Architecture and Urbanism Between the Bicentennial and the Millennium.” In 1966, he married photographer Lynn Gimbel Solinger, a granddaughter of Bernard Gimbel, the department store magnate, whom he met while working in the mayoral campaign of John V. Stern lived on a low floor, he said, so that he could see a garden and “hear the birdies.” But he also had views of three of his own buildings: 520 Park Avenue, 220 Central Park South, and 15 Central Park West.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/27/national-guard-shooting-dc/
Article: A 29-year-old Afghan national who previously worked with the United States in Kandahar drove across the country from Washington state to the nation’s capital and shot two National Guard members in an ambush Wednesday afternoon near the White House, federal authorities said Thursday morning. The shooting has sparked an intense, worldwide investigation into the attack and the alleged shooter’s motive as the two Guard members — Sarah Beckstrom, 20, and Andrew Wolfe, 24 — remain in critical condition after undergoing surgery. to commit what officials called a “targeted attack.” The victims were members of the West Virginia National Guard and had been in the nation’s capital since August, when President Donald Trump deployed troops for what he called a “crime emergency” in the city. That person fell to the ground, she said, and then Lakanwal leaned over and “strikes the Guardsman again.” Another Guard member, she said, was also “struck several times.” Additional Guard members who responded to the attack then shot Lakanwal before he was subdued at the scene. The alleged gunman was transported to a local hospital, where Pirro said he “remains under heavy guard.” FBI Director Kash Patel described the case as a “heinous act of terrorism,” but provided no additional details or information about what has led law enforcement to describe the attack that way. Pirro said it was too soon to provide a motive for the shooting, but that “there are definitely areas that we’re looking into.” The suspect, she said, will be charged with three counts of assault with intent to kill while armed and three counts of possession of a firearm during a crime of violence. “But make no mistake, if they do not, that will certainly be the charge — murder in the first degree.” Patel said the investigation is sprawling and involves people from multiple agencies working nonstop, including the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and D.C. The firearm used in the attack was sent to the FBI’s Quantico lab, Patel said, for “immediate analysis.” Patel said multiple search warrants have been executed around the country, including of the suspect’s home in Bellingham, where he lived with his wife and possibly his five children. He said he had also spoken to CIA Director John Ratcliffe and Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth on Wednesday night and had confirmation that the suspect had a “relationship with Afghanistan with partner forces.” Patel said that “we are fully investigating that aspect of his background as well, to include any known associates that are either overseas or here” in the United States. Bowser (D) said in brief remarks that the Guard members were “young people” who “should be at home in West Virginia with their families.” She said that “somebody drove across the country, came to Washington, D.C., to attack America, and that person will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.” D.C. The Trump administration filed a notice to the court Tuesday that it planned to appeal the ruling, and on Wednesday it filed another emergency motion seeking to prevent the mission from being halted.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/africa/ethiopia-lucy-ancient-species-foot-relative-fossil-rcna246188
Article: Dated to around 3.4 million years ago, the species was likely similar to Lucy, an ancient human relative who lived in the area at around the same time, according to a study published Wednesday in the scientific journal Nature. With an opposable big toe resembling a human thumb, the fossilized Burtele foot suggests its owner was a skilled climber, spending more time in the trees than Lucy, the study said. Yohannes Haile-Selassie / Institute of Human Origins Arizona State via AFP For decades, Lucy’s species was considered the ancestor of all later hominids — an ancient relative more closely related to humans, including Homo sapiens, than to chimpanzees. Scientists were unable to confirm the foot belonged to a new species until they were able to study new fossils, including a jawbone with 12 teeth, that were found at the same site. John Rowan, an assistant professor in human evolution at Britain’s University of Cambridge, said their conclusion was “very reasonable.” “Now we have much stronger evidence that, at the same time, there lived a closely related but adaptively distinct species,” Rowan, who was not associated with the study, told NBC News in an email Thursday. Lucy, or Australopithecus afarensis, likely roamed the ground, the study said, before going on to suggest that the two species likely had different diets and used the landscape in different ways. Highlighting the broader impact of this discovery on our understanding of evolution, Wiseman said in an email Thursday that the findings reminded us “that human evolution wasn’t a straight ladder with one species turning into the next.” Instead, she said, it should be viewed as a family tree with several so-called “cousins” alive at the same time, and each having a different way of surviving. “As species diversity grows, so do the number of plausible reconstructions for how human evolution played out.” And Wiseman cautioned against making definitive species assignments, as those should rest on well-preserved parts of skull and fossils that belong to multiple associated individuals.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/11/27/in-the-us-the-macys-thanksgiving-day-parade-marches-on-despite-high-winds?traffic_source=rss
Article: Powerful blasts of wind reaching 55 km per hour (34 miles per hour) could have grounded the event, as could sustained winds of 37 km per hour (23 miles per hour), per parade rules. Those precautions were adopted after the 1997 edition of the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade, when fierce weather knocked a balloon representing the children’s book The Cat in the Hat into a light post. This year’s edition features 34 giant, helium-filled balloons, including new entries like the Disney character Buzz Lightyear, the video game character Pac-Man and the plumber Mario from the game Super Mario Bros. The widely watched event has also been a magnet for protests, with Palestinian solidarity demonstrators briefly blocking the parade route last year and in 2023 to draw attention to Israeli human rights abuses in Gaza and the West Bank.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c23ev9r40ero?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Three arrests after BBC investigation into criminal network on High Street 32 minutes ago Share Save Ed Thomas , UK editor , Patrick Clahane and Rebecca Wearn Share Save Watch: BBC joins officers on criminal network raids Three men have been arrested in dawn raids following a BBC News investigation into organised crime gangs operating on the High Street. The Home Office launched an "urgent investigation" involving police forces across the country after the BBC uncovered more than 100 businesses linked to a suspected Kurdish crime network enabling migrants to work illegally and sell counterfeit cigarettes in High Street mini-marts. Undercover reporters also exposed a man at the centre of an immigration crime group who said he had "customers in every city" and could wipe illegal working fines worth up to £60,000.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly0jez2dl4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: National Guard shooting suspect worked with CIA in Afghanistan 11 minutes ago Share Save Ana Faguy Washington Share Save FBI: Suspect had relationship with 'partner forces' in Afghanistan Rahmanullah Lakanwal, the Afghan man accused of shooting two National Guard members on Wednesday, worked alongside the CIA in Afghanistan before coming to the US four years ago, officials have said. "We are praying they survive, and that the highest charge will not have to be murder in the first degree," US Attorney for the District of Columbia Jeanine Pirro said on Thursday. Reuters Mr Lakanwal helped guard US forces at Kabul airport as thousands scrambled to escape Afghanistan before the Taliban took power, a former military commander who served alongside him told the BBC. In the wake of the US withdrawal from Afghanistan in 2021, the Biden administration - with bipartisan support - created a programme called Operation Allies Welcome that allowed around 77,000 Afghans to enter the US under special immigration protections. The shooting of National Guard members was "targeted", Pirro said, noting that Mr Lakanwal drove his car across the country from where he was living in Bellingham, Washington, to Washington DC to carry out this attack.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm20ldz0g9ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sally Rooney books may be withdrawn from UK sale over Palestine Action ban, court told 45 minutes ago Share Save Dominic Casciani Home and Legal correspondent Share Save Getty Images Irish author Sally Rooney has told the High Court it is "almost certain" she cannot publish new novels in the UK and may have to withdraw her current books because of the banning of Palestine Action under terrorism laws. Rooney says UK legislation may mean she cannot be paid royalties by her British publisher or the BBC because it could leave both at risk of being accused of funding terrorism. In August she said she intended to use royalties "to go on supporting Palestine Action." The group was banned in July after the home secretary accused it of causing serious damage to property. In two witness statements provided to the High Court, Rooney said she believed that Israel had committed genocide in Gaza - and Palestine Action's activity in the UK was from a "long and proud tradition of civil disobedience - the deliberate breaking of laws as an act of protest." She goes on: "I myself have publicly advocated the use of direct action, including property sabotage, in the cause of climate justice. It stands to reason that I should support the same range of tactics in the effort to prevent genocide." Israel has regularly denied that its actions in Gaza amount to genocide and says they are justified as a means of self-defence. In August she declared in an Irish Times article that she intended to use those royalties "to go on supporting Palestine Action." Following that statement, she said she had been advised that any such payment to her for those televised dramatisations could be a breach of terrorism laws. It told her agent that it had received "unambiguous legal advice" that if it knew or suspected that Rooney was using royalties from the TV dramas to fund Palestine Action, then sending her the money would be a terrorism offence.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgr1wkdywyxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: I already feel judged for having a Motability car - the Budget didn't help 26 minutes ago Share Save Erica Witherington , Disability producer and Nikki Fox , Disability correspondent Share Save BBC River-James Whybrow, who is autistic and is often in pain, says he feels "judged" for having a Motability car Young disabled people have reacted angrily to the first significant changes to the Motability scheme made since it was launched nearly 50 years ago. Chancellor Rachel Reeves announced in the Budget that tax will be charged on the insurance included in a Motability lease, and VAT added to the advanced payments put down on higher-value cars. That rising demand is a result of more people successfully claiming the higher-rate mobility component of benefits like Personal Independence Payment (PIP), non-means tested benefits designed to help with the greater travel costs experienced by disabled people. Maxwell McKnight says he is fed up of people thinking he gets his wheelchair-adapted van for "free" "I get comments online saying, 'Why are we paying for this person's car?' "People aren't paying for my car - there's no understanding." Although a heavily-adapted vehicle like Maxwell's will not be subject to the new VAT charge on an upfront fee, he says phrases like "generous taxpayer subsidies" contribute to people misunderstanding how the scheme works. Cat Whitehouse, co-chief executive of the disability charity Transport for All, says the removal of the scheme's tax breaks will "leave our community facing hefty charges that will lock us out of society". Matt Ryder, who used to work on Motability policy for the Department for Work and Pensions, says the focus should be on suppressing the number of people becoming eligible for the scheme, by reforming how mental health conditions are assessed for the PIP mobility component.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5623041/national-guard-shooting-suspect-cia-unit-afghanistan
Article: Attorney’s Office/AP Rahmanullah Lakanwal, the Afghan man who allegedly shot two National Guard members in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday, previously served in one of Afghanistan's elite counterterrorism units, according to AfghanEvac, a nonprofit run by U.S. Government, including CIA." Sponsor Message He is likely to have been vetted multiple times during his journey to the United States, according to the group, which works with Afghans who helped the U.S. "We are fully investigating that aspect of his background as well, to include any known associates that are either overseas or who are here in the United States of America." Patel also said, without providing evidence, that Lakanwal was allowed into the U.S. Patel blamed "the failure to vet any way, in any way, shape or form, this individual and countless others." Sponsor Message Lakanwal had an active special immigrant visa (SIV) application underway, given to those who worked with the U.S. "This violent act does not reflect the Afghan community, which continues to contribute across the United States and undergoes some of the most extensive vetting of any immigrant population," AfghanEvac said in a statement.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/asia/hong-kong-fire-probe-bamboo-scaffolding-icon-city-rcna246189
Article: “Just then, a friend called me and said, ‘Wang Fuk Court is on fire!’” Grabbing only her phone, Kan went downstairs to see what was going on and found the fire was already “burning very fiercely.” “I thought I was just coming down to take a quick look,” she said, not realizing “that it was such a serious disaster.” Kan and her family are among hundreds who lost their homes in the fire at the high-rise housing complex in Hong Kong’s northern Tai Po district. John Lee, Hong Kong’s top leader, said Thursday night that the blaze was now “largely under control.” He also said the city’s Development Bureau had met with industry representatives to discuss gradually replacing the city’s widely used bamboo scaffolding with metal. Construction workers with specialized training in bamboo scaffolding — known as “spidermen” — scramble hundreds of feet up the sides of gleaming buildings in Hong Kong, a densely populated city of 7.5 million people.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyx4zpp0n0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ms Reeves has also stressed that other measures in the Budget - such as freezing rail fares in England and fuel duty across the UK and removing some costs from domestic electricity bills - will ease the cost of living squeeze for many families. And the government estimates that the decision to scrap the two child limit on benefits will reduce relative child poverty by 450,000 by the end of the Parliament and raise average incomes in affected families by £5,310 a year. The Resolution Foundation think tank has produced some representative households to demonstrate these different effects: It finds that, as a result of all the tax and benefit changes since the Autumn Budget in 2024, lower income households are more likely to benefit than to lose out financially, while for higher income households it's the reverse. Measures in the Budget such as the new high value council tax surcharge in England (set to raise £400m a year in 2029-30) and the increased income tax rates on property, savings and dividend income (set to raise £2.1bn a year) will predominantly fall on people with higher incomes since richer people tend to have more property wealth and more income from those sources. The Treasury's analysis suggests that by 2028-29 the tax measures in the Budget will reduce the incomes of the top 10% of earners in the UK population by around £2,000. The Treasury's analysis also suggests that people on lower incomes will benefit much more than richer people from measures such as taking costs off electricity bills, freezing fuel duty and the scrapping of the two child limit, with the top 30% of earners seeing little cash gain. Those measures are: The freeze in personal tax thresholds The fuel duty freeze Scrapping the two child benefit limit The high value council tax surcharge in England The think tank finds that by 2030-31 the net impact of these measures will be that the incomes of the lowest 20% of earners will be higher by between £220 and £290, whereas the incomes of the top 10% will be lower by around £700.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/israeli-troops-kill-two-palestinians-in-jenin-as-they-try-to-surrender?traffic_source=rss
Article: Israeli soldiers have shot and killed two Palestinian men during a raid in the occupied West Bank city of Jenin as the pair attempted to surrender to the military, according to video footage and witness accounts from the scene. Al Jazeera’s Nour Odeh said journalists in Jenin reported on Thursday that the two men had “pulled their shirts up, showing that they were unarmed” before the military ordered them to go back into a building that they had been holed up in. In a statement, the Israeli army said its troops had pursued wanted individuals who were “affiliated with a terror network” in the Jenin area and had “initiated a surrender procedure that lasted several hours”. “The incident is under review by the commanders on the ground, and will be transferred to the relevant professional bodies.” But Odeh noted that, historically, Israeli reviews of the killings of Palestinians typically “do not end in indictments or criminal investigations”. “How can anyone stay silent about the Israeli war crimes?” Israel’s far-right National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir welcomed the killings, writing on social media that Israeli forces “acted exactly as expected of them – terrorists must die!” Worsening violence The incident comes as Israel deployed attack helicopters and drones in raids across the northern West Bank for a second consecutive day, as a months-long crackdown on Palestinians in the occupied territory intensified. Israel has said the operation aims to root out Palestinian armed groups, but residents say the military has carried out indiscriminate attacks against civilians, blocked journalists and ambulances, and damaged infrastructure. Palestinians across the occupied West Bank have faced a surge of Israeli military and settler violence in the shadow of Israel’s war on Gaza, which United Nations experts and top human rights groups have said is a genocide. The northern West Bank has been particularly hard-hit, with about 32,000 residents of several refugee camps in the area forced out of their homes since January and prevented by Israel from returning. “With global attention focused on Gaza, Israeli forces have carried out war crimes, crimes against humanity, and ethnic cleansing in the West Bank that should be investigated and prosecuted,” a HRW official said in a statement. Violence part of ‘cruel system of apartheid’ On Thursday evening, Al Jazeera’s Odeh noted that the number of daily Israeli military raids in the occupied West Bank has doubled over the past two years. “What we’re seeing is an escalated level of violence meted out to civilians.” A representative for the UN agency for Palestinian refugees (UNRWA) condemned the latest violence, noting that Israel continues to issue demolition orders in the northern West Bank despite “relentless” destruction over the past year. “This development marks the newest episode in continued efforts to re-engineer the topography of refugee camps in the northern [West Bank],” Friedrich wrote on X, noting that more than 200 buildings had demolition orders against them in the camp since February. Advertisement “This systematic destruction goes against the basic principles of international law, and only serves to tighten the control of Israeli forces over the camps in the long term,” he said. “The international community must prevent an escalation of attacks on civilians in the West Bank and take immediate action towards bringing Israel’s unlawful occupation of the Palestinian territory the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and Gaza to an end,” the group said.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5620766/fevers-viruses-cold-flu
Article: Sponsor Message "There's a cultural knowledge that there's this relationship between temperature and viruses, but at a molecular level, we're quite unsure how temperature might be impacting viruses," says Sam Wilson, a microbiologist at the University of Cambridge. "This study reinforces the idea that temperature alone is an important and effective," part of the body's attempt to respond to infection, says Daniel Barreda, a microbiologist at the University of Alberta who wasn't involved in the research. "Is it possible that by taking Tylenol or ibuprofen for a viral infection, that I might be actually making it tougher for my body to get rid of the infection?" says Alcock.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/putin-sees-us-peace-plan-as-a-starting-point-as-he-warns-ukraines-army-to-withdraw
Article: proposals to end the war between Russia and Ukraine offer a starting point for talks, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Thursday, as he told Ukrainian forces to pull back or be overrun by Russia’s bigger army. Putin has previously demanded that Ukraine completely withdraw from the entirety of Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson, and Zaporizhia regions before Russia considers any sort of “peace negotiations” — notably including areas of each of those oblasts that Russia does not occupy. The Institute for the Study of War on Wednesday cast doubt on Russian claims that its invasion is unstoppable as it is still struggling to capture cities in the eastern Donetsk region. “Data on Russian forces’ rate of advance indicates that a Russian military victory in Ukraine is not inevitable, and a rapid Russian seizure of the rest of Donetsk Oblast (region) is not imminent,” the Washington-based think tank said. “Recent Russian advances elsewhere on the front line have largely been opportunistic and exploited seasonal weather conditions.” In the latest example of tension between Moscow and European countries, Russia’s Foreign Ministry said Thursday that it had ordered the closure of Poland’s Consulate General in the eastern city of Irkutsk. In a statement, the Russian Foreign Ministry said that Moscow would not “allow such actions to go unanswered.” Poland announced the closure of the Gdansk consulate after a railway line close to Warsaw was sabotaged in mid-November.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/venezuela-suspends-flight-rights-for-six-foreign-airlines-amid-us-tensions?traffic_source=rss
Article: A day earlier, Venezuela’s civil aviation authority announced it had revoked permits for air travel companies, including Spain’s Iberia, Portugal’s TAP, Colombia’s Avianca, Brazil’s GOL, Turkish Airlines and LATAM, which has headquarters in Chile and Brazil. “What we have to do is, through our embassy, ​​make the Venezuelan authorities aware that this measure is disproportionate, that we have no intention of canceling our routes to Venezuela, and that we only did this for security reasons,” he said. But Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has decried the US troop movements as a precursor to attacks aimed at destabilising his government, and he has responded with military preparations of his own. The US government has long opposed Maduro for his record of human rights abuses, recently recognising the Venezuelan opposition as the rightful winner of the 2024 presidential election, despite Maduro’s claims otherwise. The International Air Transport Association (IATA) said on Monday that Venezuelan authorities had given airlines 48 hours to resume flights to the country or face the suspension of their operating rights. The news service AFP quoted an anonymous source from Iberia who explained that the airline hoped to resume flights “as soon as possible, as soon as full security conditions are met”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/27/portugal-beat-austria-to-live-fifa-u-17-world-cup-in-qatar?traffic_source=rss
Article: Anisio Cabral netted the only goal of the game in the 32nd minute on Thursday, handing the Portuguese the win in a match that saw both sides competing in the final at this level for the first time. Johannes Moser of Austria was the leading scorer in the tournament coming into the final with eight goals, but it was substitute Daniel Frauscher who came closest to levelling for his side when striking the post with a low drive in the 85th minute, seconds after coming on as a substitute. Moser’s closest rival for the Golden Boot was Cabral, who finished with seven goals following his tap after a swift Portuguese passing move, which was enough to seal the win for the reigning European U-17 champions. The game was as tight as the scoreline suggested, with Austria shading the efforts on goal and the number of chances testing the keeper by 15 to 14 and five to four, respectively. We believe that this tournament will push everybody to make more effort to develop their youth system and education.” Advertisement Italy beat Brazil 4-2 on penalties in the third-place playoff earlier in the day following a goalless draw after normal time.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/judge-epstein-victims-names-exposed-doj-estate-files-congress-rcna246210
Article: A federal judge is pressing the Justice Department to explain how it will protect the identities of Jeffrey Epstein’s victims after lawyers said that dozens of survivors' names appeared unredacted in documents released by Congress, prompting what they described as “widespread panic.” Judge Richard Berman of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on Wednesday night requested a detailed description of the materials the government intends to release and an explanation of how it will safeguard the privacy of victims, including through redactions. They also asked for a private meeting with the DOJ to share a list of more than 300 victims they represent so that federal officials can protect against further disclosures. The lawyers said dozens of victims’ names appeared unredacted in the cache of documents and emails from the Justice Department released this month, turning the release into a new source of concern for victims who had sought to maintain their anonymity. “[T]ransparency CANNOT come at the expense of the privacy, safety, and protection of sexual abuse and sex trafficking victims, especially these survivors who have already suffered repeatedly,” the lawyers wrote. The lawyers pointed to one document released by the Justice Department that they said listed the names of “at least 28 victims … including individuals who were minor children at the time of the abuse,” as well as women granted protection in the same legal jurisdiction “as a result of grave public safety concerns.” “This type of negligence by the government to a survivor is just unable to comprehend,” one alleged victim wrote in a document included in the court filing. I don’t understand how this is happening again.” In their letter, Edwards and Henderson said some survivors fear the Justice Department “intentionally exposed their names” when it released thousands of unredacted files tied to Epstein’s case to Congress this year. While Epstein’s estate also failed to redact some names, the lawyers said they believed these to be “genuine mistakes.” The lawyers also accused the DOJ of creating a “perpetual distraction” through the release of grand jury materials tied to Epstein co-conspirator Ghislaine Maxwell, arguing that the documents provide little meaningful information and are being used as a diversion. The president, who for months argued against passing the legislation, has continued to call the push to release the files part of a “hoax.” Congress passed the Epstein Files Transparency Act, which directs Attorney General Pam Bondi to release all unclassified records tied to Epstein within 30 days, while withholding or redacting material that could jeopardize a federal investigation.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/brazilian-police-crack-down-on-4-8-billion-tax-evasion-and-money-laundering-scheme
Article: READ MORE: Jair Bolsonaro begins 27-year prison sentence for Brazilian coup attempt Finance Minister Fernando Haddad said Thursday’s actions stem from a recent crackdown on criminal links to Brazil’s fuel supply chain. Suspects set up money-laundering operations in Delaware, which the finance minister called “a tax haven in the United States” used for “a serious international triangulation scheme.” One of the group’s latest operations involved 1.2 billion reais ($223 million) sent to funds in the U.S. “The scheme works like this: Loans are issued to these funds — loans suspected of never being repaid — and the money then returns to Brazil as supposedly legal investments in economic activities,” Haddad said. “But the money sent abroad is not legitimate.” Haddad said he pledged to President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva to seek deeper international cooperation with the United States against organized crime and money laundering, amid tariff negotiations with U.S.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/thanksgiving-a-story-of-celebration-and-pain-in-maps?traffic_source=rss
Article: Classrooms and public areas are decorated with warm-, earthy-toned cutouts of turkeys; English settlers – the Pilgrims, as they are known – who made a new home in a country new to them; and “Indians” with colourful feather headdresses and vests made of construction paper. America’s pop culture dominance has meant that songs and movies have introduced these cultural staples to the rest of the world, even among those who don’t celebrate Thanksgiving or fully understand it. But to millions of Indigenous Americans, the story of Thanksgiving is also closely intertwined with their history of invasion, occupation, displacement, death and devastation that their communities faced as waves of settlers arrived and took over what is today the US. Here’s a look at what the historical journey of the US has meant to its Native American communities through maps showing where they once lived, how they had to move and the reservations they are now largely ghettoised in. This occurred in the middle of the Civil War in the United States between the Union, or northern part of the country, against the Confederacy, the southern states that wanted to preserve a system of slavery. In 1606, England’s King James I divided the east coast of what is now the US into the London Company, which later became the Virginia Company of London, and the Plymouth Company. The first settlement by the English in the New World was in 1607 when the Jamestown colony was established on the banks of the James River in present day Virginia. On November 11, 1620, a group of 102 English families, known as the Pilgrims, reached present-day Provincetown Harbor, Massachusetts, before anchoring their ship, the Mayflower, in present-day Plymouth Harbour on December 16. 1806 – Thomas Jefferson’s letter to the Mandan Nation Meriwether Lewis of Virginia and William Clark of Kentucky led the first US expedition westwards (1804-1806), charting a route to the Pacific and opening the path for the US expansion. In the letter, Jefferson welcomed Mandan leaders to Washington, DC, and outlined a paternalistic vision in which Indigenous peoples would “mix with us by marriage”, eventually becoming absorbed into the expanding US. 1830 – Indian Removal Act Half a century after the birth of the US, the Indian Removal Act of 1830, signed by President Andrew Jackson, authorised the federal government to negotiate treaties with Indigenous communities. Native American tribes that are recognised have certain rights of self-government, are considered dependent nations within the US, and are eligible for federal subsidies and grants to fund healthcare, education, housing and infrastructure. Her tribe is almost 60,000 people strong, and she has been recently to Capitol Hill with help from North Carolina Senator Thom Tillis to fight for her tribe’s chance for federal recognition. 1849 – Gold Rush On the West Coast in present-day California, which was still part of Mexico at the time, gold was discovered in January 1848, and the following month, the US government signed the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, making it part of US territory. It’s a government-to-government relationship.” The Mukame Ohalane people, like many other tribal nations, were forcibly pushed into the mission system, in which Catholic missions tried to convert them to Christianity. 1851 – Indian Appropriations Act The 1851 Indian Appropriations Act marked a major turning point in US policy by creating the reservation system, which confined Indigenous nations to fixed parcels of land controlled by the federal government. Aaron Carpella, a 45-year-old member of the Cherokee community married to a Choctaw Nation member, lives in eastern Oklahoma in the tribal territory where his ancestors were forcibly relocated due to the Indian Removal Act. When tribal territories were created in exchange for Native Americans’ land they had lost, their new land was supposed to be theirs in perpetuity, passed down from generation to generation. “So there’s a lot of Natives here that have like a half an acre [2,023sq metres] left or a quarter of an acre [1,011sq metres] or they’ve lost all their land,” Carpella explains. 1939 – impact of Indian Reorganization Act By 1939, the US was deep into implementing the Indian Reorganization Act, a policy meant to reverse decades of forced assimilation and land loss. “But 80 percent of the people who live here are not Native and they live within cities, so it’s like this overlapping concept of municipalities on top of sovereign nations. “In our treaties, it says that Native people can hunt whenever we want wherever we want in Oklahoma in perpetuity without government intervening, but what happens is the state government will send out its wildlife officers to give tickets to individual citizens that are just out there hunting deer for their family,” he says. Native Americans today Carpella has spent the past 15 years putting together a map based on Native peoples’ voices and memories passed down from generation to generation about where their people came from and what languages they spoke. I felt like I was outside of the fence, like shaking the fence trying to change at a city council meeting or at a school, trying to get them to change a racist mascot or something. I think 20 years ago, half of Americans didn’t even know that Native Americans still existed,” he says, citing polls that indicated at the time that about half of Americans thought Indigenous Americans were ”all gone”. The blood quantum policy, created by the US government in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, defined Native identity by calculating the fraction of “Indian blood” a person carried, often requiring at least one quarter to qualify. “If mixed-race parents, the child would be half, three-quarters, one-eighth or something like that.” “Over time, blood quantum was a genocidal policy because it helps limit membership or citizenship over time,” Locklear says.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/national-guard-shooting-suspect-vetted-us-granted-asylum/story?id=127930034
Article: National Guard shooting suspect was likely vetted by US before being granted asylum An Afghan interpreter working with the 101st Airborne Division Alpha Battery 1-320th displays a patch showing the Afghan and US flags at Combat Outpost Nolen on the outskirts of Arghandab valley's Jellawar town, Sept. An Afghan interpreter working with the 101st Airborne Division Alpha Battery 1-320th displays a patch showing the Afghan and US flags at Combat Outpost Nolen on the outskirts of Arghandab valley's Jellawar town, Sept. The shooting of two National Guard personnel allegedly by an Afghan refugee in a bustling downtown neighborhood in Washington, D.C., has reopened a debate over a Biden-era program that rushed to resettle thousands of Afghans who had worked with the U.S. It's likely that the suspect officials have identified, Rahmanullah Lakanwal, was one of only 3,300 of those refugees that year who were granted a "special immigrant visa," a document that would have expedited his entry because of his employment with the Central Intelligence Agency and other U.S. That isn't accurate, though some questions remain around how thorough the vetting process would have been for Lakanwal in 2021 and again this year when the Trump administration granted him asylum. CIA Director John Ratcliffe said the suspect had worked with the CIA during the war -- an arrangement that would have almost certain required him to be vetted by the agency at the time. "During my tenure, we are going through the databases to make sure that no known or suspected terrorists enter this country to harm our nation," Patel told the Senate Judiciary Committee in September. "Prior to entering the United States, Afghan evacuees must successfully complete a rigorous and multi-layered screening and vetting process that includes biometric and biographic screenings conducted by intelligence, law enforcement, and counterterrorism professionals from multiple federal agencies," he wrote in a 2021 briefing on the program. The question is how comprehensive that vetting was, considering the rush to settle Afghans who were hastily airlifted to Doha, Qatar, and Europe in the wake of the chaotic U.S. According to a New York Times report, the process of resettling Afghan refugees spurred a humanitarian crisis in Doha as refugees packed into airport hangars and tents at a military base there. Department of Justice Biden administration officials defended the program at the time as a moral imperative, providing protection to Afghans who would have otherwise been killed by the Taliban for cooperating with Americans during the war. "Just because an Afghan works with us, and is friends with us, does not actually mean they are safe to bring here," Sean Parnell, now the Pentagon's chief spokesman, said in 2021.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/nx-s1-5622991/afghan-refugee-program-national-guard-shooting-suspect
Article: The origins of Operation Allies Welcome When Kabul fell to the Taliban in August 2021 there were chaotic scenes as thousands of Afghans rushed to the airport desperate to escape. exit from Afghanistan happened during former President Joe Biden's term, but it was set in motion by the first Trump administration, which signed a deal with the Taliban in 2020 to withdraw after two decades in the country. And we're far from done." Two days before this address he had instructed the Department of Homeland Security to "lead and coordinate ongoing efforts across the federal government to support vulnerable Afghans, including those who worked alongside us in Afghanistan for the past two decades, as they safely resettle in the United States." Those efforts were called Operation Allies Welcome (OAW). The program was set up to allow Afghans — especially those who might be targeted by the Taliban for having worked with allied forces in their 20 years in Afghanistan — to enter the U.S. About 40% of those who came were eligible for Special Immigrant Visas because of the great risks they took to help the U.S., or were a family member of someone who helped the U.S., according to the Department of Homeland Security. Air Force/AP "This process includes reviewing fingerprints, photos, and other biometric and biographic data for every single Afghan before they are cleared to travel to the United States," it said. In 2024, the DHS Office of Inspector General released a report which admitted to some failings, including data inaccuracies in some of the files of Afghans who came through the program. "According to the FBI, the need to immediately evacuate Afghans overtook the normal processes required to determine whether individuals attempting to enter the United States pose a threat to national security, which increased the risk that bad actors could try to exploit the expedited evacuation," the report said. After Wednesday's shooting of the National Guard members, President Trump railed against OAW on social media, saying: "We must now re-examine every single alien who has entered our country from Afghanistan under Biden and we must take all necessary measures to ensure the removal of any alien from any country who does not belong here or add benefit to our country." CIA Director John Ratcliffe said "the Biden Administration justified bringing the alleged shooter to the United States in September 2021 due to his prior work with the U.S.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/g-s1-99665/fuzzy-zoeller-obituary-golf-masters-tiger-woods
Article: Fuzzy Zoeller, golf champion haunted by racist joke about Tiger Woods, dies at 74 toggle caption Morry Gash/AP Fuzzy Zoeller, a two-time major champion and one of golf's most gregarious characters whose career was tainted by a racially insensitive joke about Tiger Woods, has died, according to a longtime colleague. He famously waved a white towel at Winged Foot in 1984 when he thought Greg Norman had beat him, only to defeat Norman in an 18-hole playoff the next day. Zoeller had finished his round and had a drink in hand under the oak tree by the clubhouse when he was stopped by CNN and asked for his thoughts on the 21-year-old Woods. He smiled and snapped his fingers, and as he was walking away he turned and said, "Or collard greens or whatever the hell they serve." That moment haunted him the rest of his career. Writing for Golf Digest in 2008, he said it was "the worst thing I've gone through in my entire life." toggle caption Elise Amendola/AP "If people wanted me to feel the same hurt I projected on others, I'm here to tell you they got their way," Zoeller wrote. Sponsor Message "Still, I've come to terms with the fact that this incident will never, ever go away." It marred a career filled with two famous major titles, eight other PGA Tour titles and a Senior PGA Championship among his two PGA Tour Champions titles. "I guess winning the Masters is as close as I'm going to get." Zoeller was locked in a duel with Norman at Winged Foot in the 1984, playing in the group behind and watching Norman make putt after putt.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/education/trump-administration-says-nursing-isnt-professional-degree-new-limits-rcna245911
Article: The Trump administration’s plan to redefine what constitutes a professional degree would exclude nursing and limit access to student loans — outraging national health care groups and leaving nursing students questioning how they will pay for graduate degrees. The American Nurses Association quickly sounded the alarm on leaving nursing out the proposal, saying it will “severely restrict access to critical funding” for students who wish to seek an advanced nursing degree. Under Secretary of Education Nicholas Kent said in a statement that the change will put pressure on universities to lower their tuition so students don’t have to go into “insurmountable debt to finance degrees.” Antonia Villarruel, dean of nursing at the University of Pennsylvania, disagrees. The American Nurses Association said the groups most affected by the loan cap will be advanced practice nurses, including nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse midwives and certified registered nurse anesthesiologists. “If individuals can’t qualify for federal loans, we could predict that a few years down the road, there will be fewer graduates from advanced practice registered nurse programs to be able to enter the workforce,” he said, “which will only add further provider shortage and ultimately delay access to care.” Since the Education Department's announcement, the American Nurses Association said over 200,000 nurses and patients have signed its petition demanding the Education Department revise the definition of a professional degree to explicitly include advanced nursing degrees.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/fuzzy-zoeller-time-major-champion-haunted-racist-joke-tiger-woods-dies-74/18218771/
Article: Fuzzy Zoeller, two-time major champion haunted by racist joke about Tiger Woods, dies at 74 Fuzzy Zoeller, a two-time major champion and one of golf's most gregarious characters whose career was tainted by a racially insensitive joke about Tiger Woods, has died, according to a longtime colleague. He famously waved a white towel at Winged Foot in 1984 when he thought Greg Norman had beat him, only to defeat Norman in an 18-hole playoff the next day. FILE - In this April 6, 2006, file photo, Fuzzy Zoeller encourages the crowd to be quiet on the second hole during first round play at a Masters golf tournament. Zoeller had finished his round and had a drink in hand under the oak tree by the clubhouse when he was stopped by CNN and asked for his thoughts on the 21-year-old Woods on his way to the most dominant win ever at Augusta National. He smiled and snapped his fingers, and as he was walking away he turned and said, "Or collard greens or whatever the hell they serve." That moment haunted him the rest of his career. Writing for Golf Digest in 2008, he said it was "the worst thing I've gone through in my entire life." "If people wanted me to feel the same hurt I projected on others, I'm here to tell you they got their way," Zoeller wrote. "Still, I've come to terms with the fact that this incident will never, ever go away." It marred a career filled with two famous major titles, eight other PGA Tour titles and a Senior PGA Championship among his two PGA Tour Champions titles. "I guess winning the Masters is as close as I'm going to get." Zoeller was locked in a duel with Norman at Winged Foot in the 1984, playing in the group behind and watching Norman make putt after putt.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cq8dvdp9gn7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Cats became our companions way later than you think 41 minutes ago Share Save Helen Briggs Environment correspondent Share Save Getty Images All domestic cats (Felis catus) are descended from the African wild cat In true feline style, cats took their time in deciding when and where to forge bonds with humans. "That relationship we have with cats now only gets started about 3.5 or 4,000 years ago, rather than 10,000 years ago." Getty Images Cats were domesticated long after dogs All modern cats are descended from the same species - the African wildcat. Ziyi Li and Wenquan Fan The skull of a leopard cat found in a Han-dynasty tomb in Xinzheng City, Henan Province, China This fits with our knowledge of the land of the pharaohs as a society that revered cats, immortalising them in art and preserving them as mummies. Getty The leopard cat is the most widespread wild cat in Asia And in a new twist, the scientists discovered that a wild cat hung out for a while with people in China long before domestic cats came on the scene.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/suspect-national-guard-shooting-served-us-troops-afghanistan-relative-rcna246170
Article: Amazon Flex is a delivery service run by Amazon where people use their own vehicles to make deliveries as contract workers, similar to the arrangement Uber has with its drivers. He added: “I need your help to know why this happened.” Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said on X that the suspect was “one of the many unvetted, mass paroled into the United States under Operation Allies Welcome on September 8, 2021, under the Biden Administration.” Operation Allies Welcome was a Biden-era directive to support “vulnerable Afghans” and those who worked alongside U.S. In remarks Wednesday, President Donald Trump said he is “determined” that the shooter “pays the steepest possible price.” Trump said that the suspect was flown into the United States by the Biden administration in September 2021 and that his status was extended under Biden-era legislation. Shawn VanDiver, president of the San Diego-based group AfghanEvac, said in a statement that Afghan immigrants and wartime allies who resettle in the United States undergo extensive security vetting and that “this individual’s isolated and violent act should not be used as an excuse to define or diminish an entire community.” Late Wednesday, U.S.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/27/g-s1-99677/national-dog-show-soleil-belgian-sheepdog
Article: Soleil, a Belgian sheepdog, takes Best in Show at the National Dog Show toggle caption NBC Soleil, a Belgian Sheepdog, has won Best in Show at the 2025 National Dog Show, beating out more than 1900 dogs in this year's competition. Fantastic day." Soleil beat out six other finalists at the annual canine competition, hosted by the Kennel Club of Philadelphia and broadcast by NBC on Thanksgiving Day from a group of seven categories. Sponsor Message The American Kennel Club describes the Belgian Sheepdog as are highly trainable herders that are "bright, watchful and serious-minded", adding that "these sensitive souls crave human companionship and abhor neglect". It's been televised since 2002, and has become a popular Thanksgiving tradition, with an estimated 20 million animal lovers tuning in to watch, according to Purina, which presented the show.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/science/european-space-agency-boosts-budget-to-catch-up-in-space-race
Article: Ahead of two-day agency conference starting Thursday in the German city of Bremen, ESA Director General Josef Aschbacher had expressed concern that Europe could be left behind in space travel if it didn’t invest more money, German news agency dpa reported. “I think the message that Europe must catch up and get involved in order to literally give wings to Europe’s future through space travel was taken very seriously by our ministers,” he said. “Last time it was just under 3.5 billion, this time we have set ourselves a target of 5 billion,” German Space Minister Dorothee Bär said at a meeting of the agency’s ministerial council. ESA also signed a letter of intent with Norway to advance the prospect of a new ESA Arctic Space Centre to be hosted in the country’s northern city of Tromsø. “The Arctic is an important scientific ecosystem as well as being significant economically and geopolitically,” ESA said in a statement, adding that space-based technologies can help monitor climate change, support sustainable development, civil safety and security and regional energy management.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/us-man-found-dead-tobago-suspect-custody-police-127931850
Article: US man found dead in Tobago and suspect in custody, police report PORT-OF-SPAIN, Trinidad -- Homicide detectives in Trinidad and Tobago are investigating the suspected murder of an American man after reportedly going out to try to purchase marijuana. local time, officers from the Trinidad and Tobago Police Service responded to a report that Brown was found unresponsive in the area, and he was later pronounced dead at the scene. Tobago’s Division of Tourism condemned the killing, saying this was “the first such act of violence” in the fishing village, which the officials said, is known for being safe and welcoming.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/scientists-capture-crackling-sounds-what-believe-is-lightning-mars/18218893/
Article: Just inches (centimeters) in size, the electrical arcs occurred within 6 feet (2 meters) of the microphone perched atop the rover's tall mast, part of a system for examining Martian rocks via camera and lasers. Scientists have been looking for electrical activity and lightning at Mars for half a century, said the study's lead author Baptiste Chide, of the Institute for Research in Astrophysics and Planetology in Toulouse. "It's like finding a missing piece of the puzzle." The evidence is strong and persuasive, but it's based on a single instrument that was meant to record the rover zapping rocks with lasers, not lightning blasts, said Cardiff University's Daniel Mitchard, who was not involved in the study. But until new instruments are sent to verify the findings, "I think there will still be a debate from some scientists as to whether this really was lightning." Lightning has already been confirmed on Jupiter and Saturn, and Mars has long been suspected of having it too. "The current evidence suggests it is extremely unlikely that the first person to walk on Mars could, as they plant a flag on the surface, be struck down by a bolt of lightning," Mitchard wrote in Nature.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/israeli-soldiers-appear-to-kill-palestinian-men-in-west-bank-after-they-surrender
Article: JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli soldiers on Thursday appeared to kill a pair of Palestinian men in the occupied West Bank after they had surrendered to troops, drawing Palestinian accusations that the men were executed “in cold blood.” The Israeli military said it was investigating. The killings, captured in a pair of videos shown on two Arab TV stations, came as Israel pressed ahead with its latest offensive in the West Bank, where the army has stepped up its activities over the past two years. READ MORE: Israel returns 15 more Palestinian bodies to Gaza as first phase of ceasefire nears end Israel has been fighting on a number of fronts as a shaky ceasefire in Gaza moves forward. Israeli soldiers accused of executing Palestinian men in West Bank The Israeli military announced it was opening an investigation into the deaths Thursday of the two men, which Palestinians have called an execution. It said that after the men surrendered and exited a building, “fire was directed toward the suspects.” It said was the incident was “under review” and would be referred “to the relevant professional bodies.” Palestinians and human rights groups say such investigations yield few results, and Israeli troops are rarely prosecuted. In Ramallah, the Palestinian prime minister’s office accused Israel of executing the men “in cold blood.” It called the shooting “an outright extrajudicial killing in blatant violation of international humanitarian law.” Palestinian authorities identified the men as Al-Muntasir Abdullah, 26, and Yousef Asasa, 37, and said Israel had taken away their bodies. On Thursday, Lebanese Prime Minister Nawaf Salam criticized Hezbollah for not settling down arms in a rare rebuke of the group, saying the Iran-backed militants have failed to deter Israeli airstrikes, protect the Lebanese people or even safeguard the lives of its own leaders. American teen released from Israeli jail Mohammed Ibrahim, an American teenager held in Israeli custody for nine months, was released Thursday evening and immediately checked into a hospital, his uncle told the AP. Visibly thin, head shaven and still in a grey jumpsuit, Ibrahim wiped tears away as he was embraced by family members shortly after his release in videos taken by the family. The teen was visiting family in the West Bank with his parents when he was arrested at his family’s home at night for allegedly throwing rocks at Israeli settlers in the West Bank, according to the Council on American-Islamic Relations and several members of Congress.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-criticizes-the-program-that-brought-afghan-refugees-to-the-us-who-fought-the-taliban
Article: But others — including Trump and many Republicans — said the refugees were not properly vetted in a resettlement process they said was as chaotic and poorly planned as leaving the country to the Taliban. Accused shooter worked with CIA before coming to US as refugee The accused shooter, identified by law enforcement officials as Rahmanullah Lakanwal, worked with the CIA “as a member of a partner force in Kandahar,” Ratcliffe said in a statement Thursday. The Kandahar region in southern Afghanistan was in the Taliban heartland of the country and saw fierce fighting between the Taliban and NATO forces after the U.S.-led invasion in 2001 following the al-Qaida attacks on Sept. Operation Allies Welcome brought tens of thousands of Afghans to the US Groups that help resettle Afghans said the actions of one man shouldn’t reflect negatively on the tens of thousands who have gone through the various legal pathways to resettling in the U.S. After leaving Afghanistan, tens of thousands of those seeking resettlement ended up in sprawling air-conditioned tent villages at military bases like Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst in central New Jersey, Fort McCoy in Wisconsin or at Fort Bliss in Texas. After months of health screenings and background checks many were resettled in established Afghan communities in northern Virginia and the surrounding Washington area, as well as Northern California and Texas. Trump stops aid for resettlement after taking office Trump’s executive order shortly after taking office in January suspending federal funding for resettlement agencies made it tougher to help refugees with basic necessities like food and rent handcuffing the mostly religious groups that help them. The president, who has described Afghanistan as “a hellhole on earth,” already planned to review every Afghan who entered the country under Operation Allies Welcome and reiterated that goal after Wednesday’s shooting. “If they can’t love our country, we don’t want them,” Trump said in a message released on social media, adding that the shooting was “a crime against our entire nation.” Trump administration wants to shut the door to most refugees Trump also used his message to attack refugees from Somalia who have settled in Minnesota, saying they are “ripping apart that once-great state.” It’s part of this administration’s goal both to deport people in the country illegally and close the country to most refugees. Trump said he wants to remove anyone “who does not belong here or does not add benefit to our country.” One of the Afghans who made it to the U.S. He resettled earlier this year in California and told The Associated Press he looked forward to sending his kids to school and giving back to the country that took his family in.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/27/canada-rolls-back-climate-rules-to-boost-investments?traffic_source=rss
Article: Canada’s Prime Minister Mark Carney has signed an agreement with Alberta’s premier that will roll back certain climate rules to spur investment in energy production, while encouraging construction of a new oil pipeline to the West Coast. Carney is counting on the energy sector to help the Canadian economy weather uncertainty from United States President Donald Trump’s tariffs, and is seeking to diversify from the US market, which currently takes 90 percent of Canada’s oil exports. Alberta is also exploring the feasibility of a new crude oil pipeline to British Columbia’s northwest coast in order to increase exports to Asia, but no private-sector company has committed to building a new pipeline. Pipeline companies and the Alberta government have repeatedly said significant federal legislative changes – including removing a federal cap on oil and gas sector emissions and ending a ban on oil tankers off British Columbia’s northern coast – would be required before a private entity would consider proposing a new pipeline. The Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to the British Columbia coast, which is owned by the Canadian government and is currently the only option to ship Canadian oil directly to Asian markets, tripled its capacity last year with a 34 billion Canadian dollar ($24.2bn) expansion. In addition, the two agreed to cooperate on building the Pathways Plus project, expected to be the world’s biggest carbon capture project and designed to capture emissions from Canada’s oil sands. The federal government will also assist Alberta in building and operating nuclear power plants, strengthening its electricity grid to power AI data centres, and building transmission lines to neighbouring provinces.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8dyqzm0rp4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Israeli troops kill two Palestinians after they appear to surrender Watch: BBC correspondent examines footage showing moments leading up to shooting in the occupied West Bank The Israeli military and police say the men were wanted men "affiliated with a terror network" and the incident is under review. A joint statement from the IDF and police said forces had been trying to apprehend wanted individuals who had carried out "terror activities", including throwing explosives and firing at security forces. The raid in Jenin is the latest in a months-long Israeli campaign in cities in the northern West Bank, which Israel says is necessary to tackle Palestinian armed groups it says were responsible for attacks on Israeli soldiers and Jewish settlers.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/real-uncertainty-what-to-know-about-the-honduran-presidential-election?traffic_source=rss
Article: Voters in the Central American nation of Honduras are set to go to the polls for Sunday’s general election, as they weigh concerns ranging from corruption to national and economic security. Those allegations have raised tensions in Honduras, whose political system is still recovering from the legacy of a United States-backed 2009 military coup that was followed by a period of repression and contested elections. “Honduras is heading into these elections amid mounting political pressure on electoral authorities, public accusations of fraud from across the political spectrum, and paralysis within key electoral bodies,” said Juanita Goebertus, director of the Americas division at the advocacy group Human Rights Watch. Competing as the candidate for the left-leaning LIBRE Party is Rixi Moncada, a close confidant of President Castro who has served first as her finance minister, from 2022 to 2024, and later as her secretary of defence. Trump also cast Honduras’s presidential race as part of his broader campaign against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, blaming the South American leader for drug trafficking and the establishment of left-wing governments across the region. During the March primaries, for instance, there were “irregularities” in the distribution of election materials, and some polling stations reported delays, long lines and thin staffing that forced the vote to stretch late into the night. The Joint Staff of the Armed Forces has also asked the CNE for a copy of a vote tally sheet for the presidential race on election day, prompting concerns over possible interference by the armed forces. “What matters most now is that electoral institutions are allowed to operate independently, that the Armed Forces adhere strictly to their limited constitutional role, and that all political actors refrain from actions or statements that could inflame tensions or undermine public trust,” said Goebertus.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/pop-culture-news/jackson-brownes-son-ethan-browne-found-dead-rcna246248
Article: "It is with deep sorrow that we share that on the morning of November 25, 2025, Ethan Browne, the son of Jackson Browne and Phyllis Major, was found unresponsive in his home and has passed away," the mourning father said in statement. The musician's son dabbled in acting and modeling, with screen credits for Kate Hudson’s 2004 film “Raising Helen,” Angelina Jolie's 1995 computer thriller "Hackers" and more recently the TV series “Birds of Prey,” according to his IMDB profile. In a 2021 interview with Route magazine, Jackson Browne said being a father was a "main focus" after Major's death but admitted to "mistakes I’ve made as a parent." “It was my main focus,” he said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/27/guinea-bissaus-deposed-president-embalo-arrives-in-senegal-after-coup?traffic_source=rss
Article: Guinea-Bissau’s deposed president, Umaro Sissoco Embalo, has arrived in Senegal, the country’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs has confirmed, a day after a group of military officers in Guinea-Bissau seized power in a coup. “The government of the Republic of Senegal reaffirms its readiness to work alongside ECOWAS, the African Union and all relevant partners, with a view to supporting dialogue, stability and the rapid restoration of constitutional order and democratic legitimacy in this brotherly nation,” the statement said. Embalo was deposed on Wednesday after military officers announced they had seized “total control” of Guinea-Bissau ahead of the expected release of presidential election results in the West African nation. Dubbing themselves the “High Military Command for the Restoration of Order”, the military officers read out a statement on television on Wednesday, declaring that they had ordered the immediate suspension of the electoral process “until further notice”.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-27/first-turkey-trot-since-fires-pacific-palisades-residents-rebuild-community
Article: But bright and early on Thanksgiving morning, runners could be seen stretching their limbs in front of hollowed-out buildings, while attendees in turkey costumes walked along charred streets, ready for the 11th annual Pacific Palisades Turkey Trot. “It’s heartwarming to see so many people back here supporting the community after everything that we’ve lost and suffered through this year,” said lifelong Pacific Palisades resident Brian Garrett, whose home burned. It is considered the third-most-destructive wildfire in California history — 6,800 buildings were destroyed by the flames, 36.5 square miles of the Santa Monica Mountains were scorched and at least 12 people were killed. This is one of the biggest running days of the year and a lot of these people want to be with their friends and family,” said O’Connell, who also lost his home in the fire and has been living in Century City. I’m not sure what we’re going to do in the future, but for now, we’re here in downtown Pacific Palisades, which, given the circumstances, adds a level of magnitude.” The course began and ended at Palisades Village Green, a small triangular park in the middle of the downtown area. Now, she added, “I have something different to project onto it — something more lively and happy.” She says there’s nothing left “but a patch of grass” where they used to live. “But it’s good to have some sense of normalcy in the community and do something that we all used to do.” Advertisement In addition to losing the family business, the Mackstons also lost their home and then relocated to Manhattan Beach.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/police-investigate-after-american-man-found-fatally-stabbed/story?id=127933330
Article: Brown was having dinner with friends at Marguarite’s Local Cuisine in the seaside village of Castara on Wednesday and accompanied the group when they went to a second restaurant and bar nearby to have drinks afterward, police said. "The Division of Tourism, Culture, Antiquities and Transportation is profoundly saddened and deeply disturbed by the tragic murder of a foreign national in the peaceful community of Castara," the agency said in a statement. "The Division strongly condemns this horrific act of violence and extends our heartfelt condolences to the family, friends and loved ones of the deceased during this unimaginably difficult time," a statement from the agency read.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/drone-guy-ukraine-peace-negotiator-dan-driscoll-rcna246086
Article: The decision has thrust Driscoll to the forefront of the most vexing foreign policy challenge that Trump, by his own admission, has faced since he took office: ending the nearly four-year-long war in Ukraine. It’s a high-stakes foray for Driscoll, a former Army Ranger and financier, that has elevated his profile and fueled speculation inside and outside the Trump administration about where he might land next. Driscoll flew from Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates to Fort Campbell, Kentucky, on Wednesday to meet with Vice President JD Vance, who was there to address troops, and he is expected to again meet with Ukrainian officials. A senior administration official said Driscoll was tapped for Ukraine negotiations because Trump trusts him and because it was convenient given he was already scheduled to be in Kyiv for discussions about drones. Since his Senate confirmation in February, he has been focused on helping transform the Army by pushing to eliminate some weapons seen in the military as sacred cows and adding some new ones that are cheaper and easier to buy, moves intended to make the Army more relevant and “lethal,” he has said publicly. “He knows where the red lines are and where to keep going.” At Vance’s urging this month, Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff asked Driscoll to talk about a peace deal while he was meeting with the Ukrainians during his trip to Kyiv, according to one of the previously mentioned U.S. Trump wasn’t deterred by Driscoll’s lack of diplomatic experience, having already embraced unconventional diplomacy by tapping his friend and fellow businessman Witkoff to lead his peace efforts in the Middle East and Ukraine. The idea behind sending Driscoll was that as a military leader with the backing of the White House, he could look the Ukrainians in the eye, perhaps with more credibility than a conventional government diplomat, and persuade them it was time for peace, the three U.S. Witkoff read Driscoll in on the broad strokes of the peace deal he had assembled, though Driscoll wasn’t briefed on the specifics of the 28-point plan before he arrived in Kyiv, according to two of the U.S. That leak and initial signs of momentum in the discussions between Driscoll and the Ukrainians prompted White House officials to decide to brief Driscoll on the 28-point plan, those U.S. In tasking Driscoll with peace negotiations in Kyiv, Trump’s hope was that he could lay important groundwork with the Ukrainians before Witkoff or Secretary of State Marco Rubio, who is also the national security adviser, got more deeply involved, the three U.S. The momentum Driscoll has helped build in recent days has raised questions inside and outside the administration about whether he could be on a short list to succeed Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth should he depart sometime next year, according to the three current U.S. Trump is fond of Hegseth despite the secretary making a series of errors since he began leading the Defense Department, including pausing aid to Ukraine without informing Congress or the State Department and sharing sensitive information about a military operation in a group chat on the Signal messaging app, according to four of the current and former officials and two people familiar with the matter. The official said Hegseth needed to be in Washington to brief Trump on his fight against drug cartels, manage the relationship between the United States and China and attend Trump’s intelligence briefings. “Secretary Driscoll’s role has evolved because he was going to be in Ukraine for talks on drone technology and war fighting capabilities anyway, and so it made sense to just tap him to have these conversations with the Ukrainians at this time, frankly, out of pure convenience and because, again, he is a trusted player on the president’s team,” the official said. “Secretary Hegseth is also beloved by the president, and the president has the utmost confidence in Secretary Hegseth.” Chief Pentagon spokesman Sean Parnell said in a statement, “The secretary has built an all-star team at the Department of War, and we are proud of our many accomplishments.” One of the U.S. The officials said Driscoll told the Ukrainians that unlike in the past — when the United States would reject Ukraine’s requests for weaponry, expanded intelligence or other assistance, only to later approve such requests — this time was different. He said the United States couldn’t continue to provide Kyiv with more weaponry at the same rate it has been, given American stockpiles are depleting and supplies are starting to run out, according to the officials. assessment on the war: that while the Russian military’s progress is slow, its ability to keep fighting could continue long past the Ukrainian military’s ability to keep fighting, with or without American and European support, NBC News has reported. Driscoll’s boyish exuberance that administration officials describe behind the scenes was on display as he turned to fist-bump an aide after a news conference he joined there with Ukrainian officials, Rubio, Witkoff and Trump's outside adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner. The next day, Driscoll was secretly flying to Abu Dhabi to meet with a Russian delegation about a potential peace plan, albeit one that now had been somewhat altered in favor of Ukrainian interests.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn8e5j20g27o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'This was preventable': Anger grows in Hong Kong as fire kills at least 94 Just now Share Save Koh Ewe and Kelly Ng Share Save Video shows how fast fire spread in Hong Kong high-rise Shock is giving way to anger in Hong Kong after a massive fire ripped through a densely populated subsidised housing estate on Wednesday, killing at least 94 people and critically injuring dozens. Kiko Ma, who owns an apartment at Wang Fuk Court, says the alarms had been turned off amid renovation works, as construction workers regularly used fire escapes to get in and out of the building. Everyone was very worried about this." Getty Images The blaze spread rapidly and went on for more than a day in some blocks This is Hong Kong's deadliest fire in at least 63 years - already having surpassed the toll of the August 1962 inferno in the Sham Shui Po neighbourhood, which killed 44 people and displaced hundreds. The city's fire department on Thursday said firefighters faced major challenges trying to rescue residents, including high temperatures, the risk of further scaffolding collapse, and the small and crowded interiors of the apartments. It is unclear how many people were in Wang Fuk Court when the fire broke out, but hundreds of residents have been evacuated to temporary shelters, and some are being allocated emergency housing units.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/best-black-friday-tech-deals-laptops-headphones-tablets/18213161/
Article: Best Black Friday tech deals Best earbud and headphone deals 57% off Amazon Beats Studio Pro - Premium Wireless Over-Ear Headphones $149.95 $349.95 Shop Amazon Now More Deals: - Apple AirPods 4 Wireless Earbuds for $99.99 (44% off) - JBL Jr310BT - Kids Wireless on-ear headphones for $19.94 ($30.01 off) - SAMSUNG Galaxy Buds FE for $59.99 (40% off) - SHOKZ New OpenRun Pro 2- Bone Conduction Headphones for $124.95 (31% off) - JBL Tune Flex - True Wireless Noise Cancelling Earbuds for $39.95 (60% off) Best TV Deals 50% off Walmart TCL 85-inch Class S4 4K UHD HDR Smart TV with Roku TV $498 $999.00 Shop Walmart Now More Deals: - Hisense 75" E6 Cinema Series QLED 4K UHD Smart Fire TV for $399.99(50% off) - TOSHIBA 43" Class C350 Series LED 4K UHD Smart Fire TV for $129.99 (57% off) - VIZIO 75" Class 4K UHD LED HDR Limited Edition Smart TV (NEW) V4K75X-08 for $348.00 ($150 off) Best wearable tech deals 22% off Amazon Apple Watch Series 10 $468.99 $608.00 Shop Amazon Now More Deals: - Oura Ring 4 - Silver for $249.00 (29% off) - Ray-Ban Meta, Wayfarer Glasses with Meta AI, Audio, Photo, Video Compatibility, Shiny Black, Green Lenses, Regular Fit for $239.20 ($60.79 off) - Fitbit Versa 4 Fitness Smartwatch for $119.95 ($80 off) Best gaming deals 20% off Amazon PlayStation5 Digital Edition (slim) $399.00 $499.99 Shop Amazon Now More Deals: - Meta Quest 3S 128GB | VR Headset for $249.99 ($50 off) - Nex Playground - The Active Play System for Kids & Families for $199.00 (20% off) - EA SPORTS FC 26 - PlayStation 5 for $29.99 (57% off) Best laptop deals 25% off Amazon Apple 2025 MacBook Air 13-inch Laptop with M4 chip: Built for Apple Intelligence, 13.6-inch Liquid Retina Display $749.00 $999.00 Shop Amazon Now More Deals: - Acer Chromebook 315 15.6 inch Laptop Intel Processor N4500 4GB RAM 64GB eMMC Pure Silver, ChromeOS for $109.00 ($109 off) - Lenovo Legion 5 15.1" OLED WQXGA 165Hz NVIDIA GeForce RTX 5060 AMD Ryzen 7 260 AI Gaming Laptop (2025 Model) 16GB RAM 512GB SSD Eclipse Black for $999.99 ($550 off) * By clicking on the featured links, visitors will leave Localish.com and be directed to third-party e-commerce sites that operate under different terms and privacy policies.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn09x11yr7ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ex-Brexit Party MEP named in Nathan Gill messages denies taking pro-Russian payments 1 hour ago Share Save Wyre Davies , BBC Wales Investigates and Ben Summer , BBC Wales Investigates Share Save Former Brexit Party and UKIP MEP David Coburn told the BBC when we visited his home in France that he has never taken money from pro-Russian campaigners A prominent former politician in Nigel Farage's Brexit Party has denied he took payments as part of a pro-Russian influence campaign in the European Parliament. Messages were released following the conviction of Gill, Reform UK's former leader in Wales, who was last week jailed for 10-and-a-half years after taking bribes for giving pro-Russia interviews and speeches. Getty Images David Coburn became UKIP's only elected representative in Scotland when he was elected to the European Parliament in 2014 WhatsApps show Oleg Voloshyn, a former pro-Russian member of the Ukraine parliament, discussing money apparently set aside for Coburn while he was bribing Gill. A document submitted by the Crown Prosecution Service to the Old Bailey last week for Gill's sentencing hearing includes a message from Voloshyn discussing a payment of $6,500 [about £5,000] for another MEP. Speaking outside his chateau in France, former Brexit Party and UKIP MEP Coburn answered "no" when a BBC journalist asked him whether he had ever been paid to give a speech to promote pro-Russian campaigners. The BBC has not seen evidence that Coburn - who led the now defunct UKIP party in Scotland between 2014 and 2018 - was directly offered or received any money. Sentencing Gill to ten-and-half-years after admitting eight counts of bribery last week, Judge Mrs Justice Cheema-Grubb said Medvedchuk was the "ultimate source of the requests and the money" Gill received. The CPS document says these messages were found on Gill's seized mobile phone when counter terrorism officers took his device after stopping him at Manchester airport in 2021 - two days before he was due to talk at a conference in Moscow. Once this is settled, Voloshyn confirms Gill will be given a further $4,500 in the morning "and other 2 for David you have already with you." The BBC had previously made several attempts to contact Coburn - an MEP for Scotland for five years between 2014 and 2019 - but received no reply. The BBC went to the 66-year-old's rural home in northern France to ask him in person if he had ever been paid money in connection to the Gill bribery case. Getty Images David Coburn quit UKIP in 2014 after accusing it of promoting anti-Islamic policies, leaving in the same week the party's former leader Nigel Farage left He has not responded to a further written request for comment. He also said he criticised Russia in his speech and said the notion he was doing what Russia wanted was "provably nonsensical." Speaking in the European Parliament in December 2018, Coburn used similar talking points to Gill. PA Media Counter terrorism officers stopped Nathan Gill at Manchester airport in 2021 two days before he was due to talk at a conference in Moscow on ensuring standards for conduct in elections "The president of Ukraine and the Rada parliament are plotting to close TV channels 112 and Channel One," Coburn told a plenary session in Strasbourg. "Can this chamber truthfully say Ukraine, which behaves this way, is ready for EU entry?" The pro-Russian channels were shut in 2021 under the presidency of Ukraine's current leader Volodomyr Zelensky. A number of these had been members of either UKIP, the Brexit Party or both – but the court heard there was no evidence to suggest they were aware Gill was being bribed. The head of the Met's counter terrorism unit had said Gill "clearly had a leadership role" and used his influence to get other MEPs to speak "openly in support of the Russian narrative in Ukraine." Getty Images Oleg Voloshyn was a co-defendant in Nathan Gill's bribery case but has not been charged because he is not in the UK.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cdxwz1p5k5po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Robin van Persie says his decision to hand son Shaqueel a senior debut in Feyenoord's Europa League defeat by Celtic was made "as a coach" and not out of sentiment. The 19-year-old forward spent two seasons at Manchester City's academy, before following in his father's footsteps with a move to Feyenoord in 2017 and signing a first professional contract with the Dutch club in 2022. But I wasn't that busy with enjoying that moment, I was doing my work like Shaqueel was." The London-born teenager didn't have chance to make an impact and had just one shot in Celtic's box. He worked hard, deserved it and, for him, is a special moment." Van Persie is not the first manager to give his son a debut as BBC Sport picks out some of the others, plus other father-son duos to have featured in the same team.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/brazilian-police-crack-48b-tax-evasion-money-laundering-127930215
Article: Brazilian police have launched a major operation to dismantle a tax evasion and money-laundering scheme in the fuel sector SAO PAULO -- SAO PAULO (AP) — Brazilian police launched Thursday a police operation to dismantle a major tax evasion and money-laundering scheme in the fuel sector. Suspects set up money-laundering operations in Delaware, which the finance minister called “a tax haven in the United States” used for “a serious international triangulation scheme.” One of the group’s latest operations involved 1.2 billion reais ($223 million) sent to funds in the U.S. “The scheme works like this: Loans are issued to these funds — loans suspected of never being repaid — and the money then returns to Brazil as supposedly legal investments in economic activities,” Haddad said. “But the money sent abroad is not legitimate.” Haddad said he pledged to President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva to seek deeper international cooperation with the United States against organized crime and money laundering, amid tariff negotiations with U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sydney-taekwondo-instructor-murdered-family-consumed-fantasies-olympic-127923041
Article: A Sydney taekwondo instructor who admitted murdering a family of three was driven by fantasies of wealth and success SYDNEY -- A Sydney taekwondo instructor who murdered a family of three had been consumed by fantasies of Olympic glory and meetings with billionaires, a court heard Thursday. “These are a form of fantasy, essentially a grandiose or self-important fantasy that he’s richer, has more social status, has more success in life in different domains than he actually does,” forensic psychiatrist Andrew Ellis told the court. In reality, Yoo was in debt and behind in his rent on the Lion’s Taekwondo and Martial Arts Academy where he murdered the boy and his mother after a class. “There is some evidence that he had perhaps envy of what they had, but in terms of jealousy and hatred … that doesn’t appear to be a motivator here,” Wilson said. The maximum penalty for someone convicted of murder in New South Wales is life imprisonment, with a standard non-parole period of 20 years for the murder of an adult and 25 years for the murder of a child.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/flooding-death-toll-southern-thailand-rises-80-water-127924382
Article: The death toll from severe flooding in southern Thailand has climbed to more than 80 people Flooding death toll in southern Thailand rises to more than 80 as water levels fall BANGKOK -- The death toll from severe flooding in southern Thailand climbed to more than 80 people as floodwaters began to subside Thursday, officials said. About 1 million households and more than 3 million people have been impacted by floods triggered by torrential rains in 12 southern provinces, the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation said Thursday. Government spokesperson Siripong Angkasakulkiat said in a news conference in Bangkok that flood-related deaths in Songkhla province surged from six to 55 on Thursday, sending the overall death toll across the seven provinces to at least 82 people.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/former-peruvian-president-pedro-castillo-sentenced-conspiracy-127932894
Article: Former President Pedro Castillo, who faces charges of rebellion and other crimes against the state, attends his sentence hearing at a police base on the outskirts of Lima, Peru, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Guadalupe Pardo) Former President Pedro Castillo, who faces charges of rebellion and other crimes against the state, attends his sentence hearing at a police base on the outskirts of Lima, Peru, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Guadalupe Pardo) LIMA, Peru -- Peru's Supreme Court sentenced former President Pedro Castillo to 11.5 years in prison for conspiracy to commit a rebellion in 2022, when he tried to dissolve the Congress as lawmakers prepared to impeach him. A different court on Wednesday sentenced former leader Martín Vizcarra to 14 years in prison after finding him guilty of taking bribes while serving as governor of a southern state. Castillo promised to be a champion of the poor when he took office in 2021, becoming the first president in the nation’s history to come from a poor farming community. Castillo was replaced by his Vice President Dina Boluarte, who in October was also removed from office after a deeply unpopular government and amid a crime wave affecting the South American nation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/iran-adds-new-gasoline-price-tier-starting-december-127923510
Article: 6, raising the cost of fuel purchased beyond monthly quotas to 50,000 rials per liter, which is about 4 cents on the Iranian exchange market This is a locator map for Iran with its capital, Tehran. 6, raising the cost of fuel purchased beyond monthly quotas to 50,000 rials (about 4 cents on the Iranian exchange market) per liter, officials said, in a shift that adds a third pricing level to the country’s long-running subsidy system. The shift marks the most significant change to Iran’s fuel-subsidy system since 2019, when a sudden 50% jump in subsidized prices — and a 300% increase in the rate for purchases beyond quota — sparked nationwide protests. The new 50,000-rial tier is expected to test public reaction at a time of mounting inflation and declining purchasing power, though authorities have not indicated whether further increases are planned for the next quarterly review.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/militants-kill-3-police-officers-attack-checkpoint-northwest-127922767
Article: Police in Pakistan say militants armed with assault rifles attacked a police checkpoint in northwest Pakistan overnight, killing three officers This is a locator map for Pakistan with its capital, Islamabad, and the Kashmir region. (AP Photo) PESHAWAR, Pakistan -- A group of militants armed with assault rifles attacked a roadside police checkpoint overnight in northwest Pakistan, killing three officers before fleeing, police said Thursday. Officers returned fire at the checkpoint in Hangu, a district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, and It was not immediately clear whether the attackers also suffered losses or injuries, District Police Chief Khan Zeb said. The latest assault came days after two suicide bombers and a gunman stormed the headquarters of security forces in the northwestern city of Peshawar, killing three officers and wounding 11 others. Interior Minister Mohsin Naqvi on Thursday praised the officers killed in Hangu for their “bravery and sacrifice,” saying police in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa were playing a critical role in combating militants. The increase in attacks has strained relations between Pakistan's government in Islamabad and authorities in Afghanistan's capital Kabul, with Pakistan accusing the TTP of operating freely inside Afghanistan since the Taliban takeover in 2021.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/83-dead-hong-kong-firefighters-battle-burning-towers-127918462
Article: At least 83 dead as Hong Kong firefighters battle burning towers for a second day Firefighters work to extinguish a fire which broke out Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) Firefighters work to extinguish a fire which broke out Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Firefighters battled for a second day to extinguish a blaze at a high-rise apartment complex in Hong Kong on Thursday, as the death toll rose to 83 in one of the deadliest blazes in the city's modern history. Rescuers holding flashlights were going from apartment to apartment at the charred towers as thick smoke poured out from some windows at the Wang Fuk Court complex, a dense cluster of buildings housing thousands of people in Tai Po district, a northern suburb near Hong Kong’s border with the mainland. (and) emergency vehicle access was blocked by fallen scaffolding and debris, making our access to the building very difficult.” More than 70 people were injured, including 11 firefighters, the Fire Services Department said. Officials said the fire started on the external scaffolding of a 32-story tower, then spread on the bamboo scaffolding and construction netting to the inside of the building and then to the other buildings, likely aided by windy conditions. Bamboo scaffolding is a common sight in Hong Kong at building construction and renovation projects, though Lee said officials will meet with industry representatives to discuss a switch to metal scaffolding amid safety concerns.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/political-prisoners-released-myanmar-mass-amnesty-127922497
Article: Excited families are greeting relatives released from Myanmar’s Insein Prison as part of a mass amnesty granted by the country’s military rulers ahead of next month’s election Kyi Toe, a member of National League for Democracy’s central information committee, speaks after he was released from Insein prison Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Thein Zaw) BANGKOK -- Excited families greeted relatives released from Myanmar's Insein Prison on Thursday as part of a mass amnesty granted by the country's military rulers ahead of next month's election. An official from Insein Prison, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to release information, confirmed prisoners would be released starting Thursday but did not say how many or who they were. There was no sign that the prisoner release would include former leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who led the National League for Democracy government ousted in the military takeover in 2021 and who has been held virtually incommunicado since then. MRTV said the National Defense and Security council, a constitutional administrative government body controlled by the military, granted amnesties covering 3,085 prisoners convicted under the part of the penal code known as the incitement law, which makes it a crime to spread comments that create public unrest or fear, or spread false news. Conditional release was granted to 724 prisoners, who would have to serve the rest of their old sentence if they commit a new offense, and 5,580 people who are either being prosecuted or are in hiding, will receive amnesty and have their incitement cases closed. Some 22,708 political detainees, including Suu Kyi, were in detention as of Wednesday, according to the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners, an independent organization that keeps detailed tallies of arrests.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/20-dead-14-missing-heavy-rains-trigger-landslides-127922213
Article: Sri Lanka has stopped passenger trains and closed roads in some parts of the country where landslides and floods triggered by heavy rains have caused more than 30 deaths More than 20 dead, 14 missing as heavy rains trigger landslides, floods in Sri Lanka People walk past a section of a highway blocked by a landslide caused by heavy rain in Badulla, Sri Lanka, Thursday, Nov, 27, 2025. (AP Photo) COLOMBO, Sri Lanka -- Sri Lanka stopped passenger trains and closed roads in some parts of the country where landslides and floods triggered by heavy rains have caused more than 30 deaths, officials said Thursday. The government’s disaster management center said 18 of the reported deaths occurred in the tea-growing, mountainous regions of Badulla and Nuwara Eliya in the country's central province about 300 kilometres (186 miles) east of the capital Colombo.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz7nqwrw4djo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Now I'm a mum 44 minutes ago Share Save Yasmin Rufo BBC News Share Save Georgia Barrington Daisy gave birth to Georgia's baby, Ottilie, in October Georgia Barrington has just become a new mother but she isn't the one who gave birth to her daughter. "I'd always grown up thinking I would be a mum and that was ripped out from under me and everything I ever dreamed of had gone." Back then, Daisy wasn't particularly maternal and she remembers the diagnosis vividly and how "unfair" it felt that her friend who had always wanted to have a child couldn't. "I wanted her to feel ok and to give her some hope that it wasn't the end of the world so I said that I would carry a baby for her one day," she tells Ready to Talk with Emma Barnett. "I don't think I understood what I was saying then but I always knew this was something I was going to do for Georgia." Georgia Barrington Georgia and Daisy have been best friends since childhood and grew up together More than a decade later, Daisy followed through on that promise and in 2023 the two women began the IVF process. "But actually, it helped me heal and deep down I knew I'd have a child one way or another." Years later, Daisy had her first child – with Georgia as her midwife - and becoming a mum herself strengthened her conviction to fulfil her promise. 'Hope dropped away' She became pregnant with the first embryo and everything seemed to be progressing normally and both women allowed themselves to believe the future they'd imagined was finally happening. "I thought it was all my fault," admits Daisy who found the grief overwhelming, feeling she had let her friend down, while Georgia struggled with the realisation that even their most promising attempt hadn't succeeded. Still, they tried again and on the second time, something felt different as Daisy says: "When I found out I was pregnant again, I thought the world cannot be this cruel twice." Georgia Barrington Daisy says she always knew she was going to carry Georgia's baby Six weeks in, the pair sat in a hospital room holding their breath as a tiny heartbeat appeared on the screen, but later that day, Daisy began to bleed heavily. "As soon as I saw the baby's head, I just lost it and we were all crying." She says she still struggles to believe she really has a child and wishes she could "take this moment and hand it to my 15-year-old self, sitting in that GP surgery".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c79vyvyp7d8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 25 Oscar-tipped films, and how to watch them Just now Share Save Steven McIntosh Entertainment reporter Share Save Getty Images Jennifer Lawrence and Robert Pattinson star in Lynne Ramsay's psychological drama Die My Love Hollywood stars are preparing to attend one ceremony after another, as the film awards season gets fully under way. Most of the frontrunners premiered at film festivals such as Cannes, Venice and Telluride, but one or two remaining contenders such as Avatar: Fire and Ash have still to launch before the end of the year. Read more: Julia Roberts: We're losing the art of conversation Avatar: Fire and Ash 20th Century Studios The Na'vi encounter an aggressive new tribe in the third instalment of James Cameron's hugely successful sci-fi series, starring Sam Worthington and Zoe Saldaña. Blue Moon Sony Pictures Classics Ethan Hawke stars as lyricist Lorenz Hart, who battles alcoholism and mental health issues ahead of the premiere of the musical Oklahoma!, in one of two films in this year's awards race directed by Richard Linklater. Read more: Emma Stone dazzles Venice with alien kidnap drama Christy Black Bear The true story of boxer Christy Martin's rise to fame in the 1990s, and her husband's attempt to murder her in 2010. Watch: Sydney Sweeney on transforming into boxer Christy Martin Die My Love Mubi A young couple move to a secluded country house and have a baby, but the mother's mental health suffers under the pressure of domestic life. F1 Warner Bros Several technical nominations are likely for this film about a former racing driver who returns to the track 30 years after an accident nearly ended his career. Brad Pitt hails Silverstone as F1 hits cinemas Frankenstein Netflix A mad scientist brings a creature to life from dead body parts, only to be repulsed by his creation and abandon it. Frankenstein is monster success at Venice film festival Hamnet Universal Set in 1596 and adapted from Maggie O'Farrell's novel, a mother is devastated following the death of her 11-year-old son, Hamnet. Read more: Film based on me weird but brilliant, John Bishop says It Was Just An Accident Les Films Pelleas A man recognises the former Iranian intelligence officer who tortured him in prison after a chance encounter at a garage, leading him to take drastic measures to get his revenge. Read more: Iranian director speaks out after Cannes triumph Jay Kelly Netflix A popular actor in his 60s grapples with the family life he missed out on because of his career. Read more: George Clooney film praised as 'midlife crisis masterpiece' Kpop Demon Hunters Netflix A hugely popular girl group juggle their music careers with protecting their fans from a rival boyband, whose members are secretly demons. Read more: KPop Demon Hunters directors on Oscar chances and a possible sequel Marty Supreme Getty Images In 1950s New York City, table tennis player Marty Reisman begins to make his name as he pursues a dream few people around him respect. Watch: What Leonardo DiCaprio loves about cinema The Secret Agent Victor Juca A technology expert on the run from Brazil's military dictatorship in 1977 seeks refuge in his hometown of Recife - but hired hitmen are hot on his tail. Read more: Blues legends got their start in this town - now it's inspired a hit film The Smashing Machine A24 Fighter Mark Kerr makes his name in the 1990s heydey of the Ultimate Fighting Championships (UFC), amid a strained relationship with his partner Dawn Staples. Read more: Dwayne Johnson says he was 'pigeon-holed' as blockbuster star Song Sung Blue Focus Features Two performers who impersonate famous musicians form a Neil Diamond tribute band and fall in love, but a devastating accident threatens their relationship and dreams. Springsteen: Deliver Me From Nowhere 20th Century Studios A young Bruce Springsteen shelves the probable hits he's written in favour the more stripped-back and introverted songs that will become his 1982 album Nebraska. Read more: Jeremy Allen White sings as Springsteen in film trailer Train Dreams Netflix An American railroad worker lives a life of loneliness until he marries and has a daughter, but tragedy soon strikes on one of his long trips away from home. Weapons Warner Bros When all but one child from the same class mysteriously vanish on the same night, a community is left questioning who or what is behind their disappearance.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqxq85qe7g5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'U-turn on workers' rights' and 'big migration fall' 15 minutes ago Share Save Share Save The government's plans to drop unfair dismissal safeguards for new employees on the first day of a new job leads many of Friday's papers. The Times reports that Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer faces a "revolt from Labour MPs" after scrapping day-one protections, saying the policy was "championed" by former deputy prime minister Angela Rayner. "Keir Starmer forced to deny he misled public over record £26bn tax rises," is the paper's top line, as he denies Labour broke its manifesto pledge "not to hike tax on working people", citing criticism from the Institute for Fiscal Studies. The Crimewatch host was shot dead on her doorstop in 1999 and the paper says investigators are probing "a newly unearthed picture" of what the paper claims is "a Serbian assassin".

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/trump-tries-to-put-his-stamp-on-the-nfl-but-gets-pushback-from-some-fans
Article: I think everything about it is a marketing success, and it fits perfect American psyche and what we want, which is quick action, violent action, and then the opportunity to run to the refrigerator before the next play. And so Trump is going there to try to change the national conversation or put his imprint on those issues and, of course, make the points that he wants to make, some of them seemingly just kind of fun, like, OK, the NFL draft is going to be in D.C., some of them much more serious, like racial issues. By the way, the president, President Trump, was the first sitting president to ever attend a Super Bowl, which really surprised me, as someone who's covered a lot of them. Christine Brennan: Again, Trump understanding the visual of going there and being a part of this incredible national pastime.Highest rated television show every year, of course, is the Super Bowl. There is no way on earth you cannot have some semblance of DEI in the thinking of the NFL because Black players are such a huge part of it and so popular with so many fans. Lisa Desjardins: "Choose Love." Christine Brennan: I think it's the way that all sports leaders are trying to work with Trump in this era, while also understanding that the people who make the league, it's a majority-Black league. We have seen that, of course, with Trump going back to 2017, when he said kick the SOBs, without saying SOBs, off the field, fire them when they were kneeling for the national anthem. Quickly, on other sports, the president knows that the World Cup is coming in this country, the Olympics are coming in this country, and he's made some sort of vague threats, sort of political, about where they should go. Donlad Trump: If we think there's any reason that — whether it's Boston or anywhere else, that they're not doing their job, we're going to take — those World Cup games and move them someplace else. This is a good signal, I think, for many people who are going to watch the two biggest sports events in the world, men's World Cup soccer next year, the Olympic Games in 2028 back in Los Angeles. It will be fascinating to watch how these leaders try to deal with him, but also sidestep him and do the things that they were planning to do before Trump opened his mouth.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/how-to-navigate-challenging-conversations-this-thanksgiving
Article: In fact, our latest PBS News/NPR/Marist poll found Americans find it increasingly difficult to talk politics with each other; 85 percent of Democrats describe Republicans as closed-minded; 82 percent of Republicans said the same thing about Democrats. Brandon Tillotson, Wisconsin: I do find it difficult to talk politics with anyone who is on the other side of the aisle, for lack of a better way to say it. Larry Cleveland, New Jersey: Because you seem to walk on eggshells when you talk because it's going to cause a rift or it's going to be contentious or they're going to say something that's going to make me angry or I'm going to say something that's going to make them angry. Every year around this time, people are looking toward the holidays, looking toward family dinners and asking questions like, how do I have the meaningful time that I want to have without getting bogged down by political difference? Are they trying to win a debate or — and get one person to say, I admit it, you're right, I was wrong,or are they trying to maintain a relationship? In the meantime, can you acknowledge that I'm a human who cares about certain things, and I know that you are human who cares about certain things, and can we find a common ground about what we actually do care about? And I don't say that lightly, because I do know that politics is personal, and so the ways that the headlines affect us in our daily lives can rise at any moment and can be an ever-present source of frustration or concern or fear. And if it comes up, it's OK to sort of raise a hand, blow a whistle, wave a flag, and say, hey, we agreed that we were going to steer clear, and we're — because there are a million other things to talk about. Amna Nawaz: We got a lot of questions as well about people asking for specific tips and tricks, like this one that comes to us from Deirdre in Charleston, South Carolina. Eric Thomas: I mean, it is so easy to fall into those familiar grooves with people that know you, that know where all your buttons are because they installed them themselves. And so to go in and say to yourself, to the person you're with, your partner, your — even your children, to say like, there are certain things that come up for me when I'm with my parents, my siblings, and I don't always want to respond in the way that I respond. You can even say, I'm grateful for the opportunity to spend time with this relative who gets on my nerves, because, even though we don't agree on this part, I value them.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/trump-says-national-guard-member-dies-after-shooting.html
Article: President Donald Trump said on Thursday that a National Guard member had died after being shot in an ambush by an Afghan national near the White House, an attack that drew accusations from his administration of Biden-era immigration vetting failures and prompted a sweeping review of asylum cases. Sarah Beckstrom, 20, died of her wounds and her fellow Guardsman Andrew Wolfe, 24, was "fighting for his life," Trump said, as investigators conducted what officials said was a terrorism investigation after Wednesday's shooting. The FBI searched multiple properties in a widening probe, including a home in Washington state linked to the suspect, who officials said was part of a CIA-backed unit in Afghanistan before coming to the U.S. Agents seized numerous electronic devices from the residence of the suspect, identified as 29-year-old Rahmanullah Lakanwal, including cellphones, laptops, and iPads, and interviewed his relatives, FBI Director Kash Patel told a news conference. "I want to express the anguish and the horror of our entire nation that the terrorist attack yesterday in our nation's capital, in which a savage monster gunned down two service members in the West Virginia National Guard, who were deployed as part of the DC Task Force," Trump said in a Thanksgiving call for U.S. Trump said the suspect's "atrocity reminds us that we have no greater national security priority than ensuring that we have full control over the people that enter and remain in our country." Armed with a powerful revolver, a .357 Magnum, the gunman shot one member who fell and then shot again before firing multiple times at the second member. The alleged assailant, who lived in Washington state with his wife and five children, appeared to have acted alone, said Jeff Carroll, executive assistant chief of the Washington Metropolitan Police Department.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/texas-private-school-vouchers-guidelines-controversial-voucher-program-released/18219219/
Article: It's funded through $1B taxpayer dollars, and while proponents say it gives families the choice to pick the best education for their child, critics have said it takes money away from already underfunded and struggling public school systems. Students with disabilities or additional learning needs must have their individual education program, or IEP, on file with the school district to be eligible for up to $30,000 per student, per year And homeschooled children can get up to $2,000 per child, per year. Here's how they will work State law dictates that priority will be given to children who have siblings already in the program and based on income and the federal poverty line. Eyewitness News previously reported that the funds would probably fund around 90,000 students, even though the Texas Education Agency estimated in 2024 that over 5 million school-aged children live in Texas. The State Comptroller said this gives the state and families ample time to make decisions ahead of the 2026-27 school year The State Comptroller said schools that wish to apply for the program must have a Texas location and have been accredited for at least two years, but this applies to schools both in and outside of Texas, so in theory, a program accredited outside of Texas could build a campus in the state this year and still be eligible. SEE ALSO: ABC13 obtains exclusive HISD student enrollment records for 2025-26 school year The state is also dictating that private schools wishing to be a part of the program will have to administer an assessment to voucher students in grades 3 through 12 The program will be monitored by the State Comptroller's office, which will partner with a private group to audit the program at least once a year. State education groups pushed the state to be more transparent about how families were spending money and where, though our partners at the Houston Chronicle note the state rejected those ideas.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgl8j24ky1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump administration will re-examine green card holders from 19 countries The announcement comes in the wake of an Afghan national allegedly shooting two National Guard troops in Washington DC on Wednesday, gravely injuring them both. When asked by the BBC which countries were on the list, the agency pointed to a June proclamation by the White House that included Afghanistan, Cuba, Haiti, Iran, Somalia and Venezuela. The head of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said the president had directed him to conduct "a full scale, rigorous re-examination of every green card for every alien from every country of concern". "The protection of this country and of the American people remains paramount, and the American people will not bear the cost of the prior administration's reckless resettlement policies," said Edlow. The June proclamation his agency highlighted to the BBC set out an aim to restrict foreign nationals from entering the US to protect from "foreign terrorists and other national security and public safety threats". "Afghanistan lacks a competent or cooperative central authority for issuing passports or civil documents and it does not have appropriate screening and vetting measures." Other countries whose green card holders will undergo this examination include Burma, Chad, Republic of Congo and Libya. No country can tolerate such a risk to our very survival." Last week, the same agency behind the green card review, the US Citizenship and Immigration Services, announced a review of all refugees admitted under former President Joe Biden.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy8vj37w2v3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: We met on TV's Blind Date - we're still married after 34 years 2 hours ago Share Save Alix Hattenstone, BBC News Share Save BBC Sue and Alex Tatham's wedding was broadcast on a special episode called "Blind Date Wedding of the Year". It is 40 years since TV juggernaut Blind Date first aired, and Sue and Alex Tatham were the first couple who met on the show to get married, in a ceremony broadcast to around 17 million people. Handout The couple recently celebrated their 34th wedding anniversary After Blind Date came a string of modern dating shows following a similar concept, including Love is Blind, First Dates and even Love Island. No!' ITV/ Shutterstock Sue and Alex meet for the first time on Blind Date In 1985, Cilla Black hosted a pilot episode of a shiny new show inspired by a concept from America known as "The Dating Game". So it'd be a bit like now, if someone's saying, who wants to be on Love Island?" Around six months after applying, Sue and Alex were called in for auditions - Sue in Birmingham, Alex in London. Sue said she spent the day with the other two girls Alex would choose from, getting to know them well - and that neither she nor Alex were allowed to have friends in the audience in case they influenced their decisions. She also recalled the team's efforts to make sure she and Alex did not bump into each other ahead of filming, which meant her diving into a cupboard if he was walking along the corridor. "Great, I thought - it's a real surprise!" 'I had no idea why I picked Sue - it was just eenie meeny miny moe' "It was a long old day, but exciting. "One of them – and it definitely wasn't me – the question was about going to Australia and she said, 'I'd like to you to rub suntan lotion on the bits I can't reach'. "The sliding door, which looks very chic – it's basically a bloke at the back pulling a bit of cardboard." Handout After her first date with Alex, Sue told Cilla on Blind Date: "If in 10 years' time I found myself married to Alex, it wouldn't be such a bad thing". "We'd been getting on so well." Only when they asked the production team, the answer was no, the date was over and they had to go back to their separate hotels. "That just shows the big change in reality TV." 'Blind Date Wedding of the Year' Handout/Alex and Sue Tatham 'It was an amazing day': Sue and Alex on their wedding day, with guest Cilla Black If a couple seemed to be getting on well, Cilla would ask, "Do I need to buy a new hat?" Well, in Alex and Sue's case, she did - a smart blue number. "They said 'Oh, we'd just love to take a video of you coming out of the church.'" By the end, he said there were lots of TV crews, police and thousands of people outside the church. It looked like a really good edition of Songs of Praise." ITV/ Shutterstock Sue and Alex returned to the show with their first baby 'I am just lucky to have picked her' "We found we had plenty in common," said Alex.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1w9qe7n984o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Quebec expands secularism law and limits public prayer 6 hours ago Share Save Jessica Murphy Toronto Share Save Bloomberg via Getty Images Quebec Premier Francois Legault's government has passed a number of secularism laws in the Canadian province The Canadian province of Quebec plans to impose restrictions on public prayer and limit the exclusive offering of religion-based menus, like kosher and halal meals, in public institutions as part of its latest effort to strengthen state secularism. The "secularism 2.0" changes are part of a new bill introduced by the governing Coalition Avenir Quebec on Thursday, which expands a 2019 religious symbols law that has fuelled fierce debate throughout the country. Jean-François Roberge, the minister responsible for secularism, said in French at a news conference on Thursday that the bill was "part of an approach that respected individual as well as collective rights". The measures proposed in Bill 9 would: extend the ban on wearing religious symbols to staff in subsidised daycares bar "collective religious practices" like prayer in public spaces, such as parks, without prior authorisation from municipalities prevent students and staff from wearing face coverings in daycare all the way through to post-secondary education Roberge said the limits on public prayer were in reaction to recent protests in the province, where there has been debate over groups praying at pro-Palestinian demonstrations. The decision to strengthen the law has already faced criticism from the opposition Parti Québecois, which earlier this week accused the CAQ of creating division in an attempt to bolster support ahead of next year's provincial election. The National Council of Canadian Muslims also criticised the bill, accusing the CAQ in a statement of "doubling down on identity politics and division in a desperate attempt to regain the public's trust". Last year, 11 teachers - primarily of North African descent - at a Montreal elementary school were suspended after a government report said they had created a toxic environment for students and staff and largely avoided certain subjects like science and sex education. And last month, the Legault government passed a law that extended secularism rules to staff who interact with students in public primary and high schools and barring students from wearing face coverings.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/american-football/articles/c8xdqlv9jn4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The Cowboys have traditionally hosted games on the American holiday since 1966 and 'America's Team' produced a superb performance to overcome the Chiefs despite Patrick Mahomes throwing four touchdown passes as he returned to his native Texas. Mahomes has led the Chiefs to five of the past six Super Bowls, winning three, but they now have a 6-6 record and are in danger of missing out on the play-offs for the first time since the 2014 season. After a stirring 21-point comeback against the Eagles - who denied the Chiefs a three-peat in February - the win over Kansas City is a third in a row for Dallas, to improve to 6-5-1 and keep alive their own hopes of sneaking into the post-season. With five games left, Dallas are second to the Eagles (8-3) in the NFC East while the Chiefs trail both the Denver Broncos (9-2) and Los Angeles Chargers (7-4) in the AFC West.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-trump-says-national-guard-soldier-has-died-after-shooting-blames-biden-administration
Article: WEST PALM BEACH, Florida (AP) — President Donald Trump said that one of the two West Virginia National Guard members shot by an Afghan national near the White House had died, calling the shooter who had worked with the CIA in his native country a “savage monster.” Watch Trump’s remarks in the player above. Her parents are with her.” The president called Beckstrom an “incredible person, outstanding in every single way.” Trump used the announcement to say the shooting was a “terrorist attack” as he criticized the Biden administration for enabling Afghans who worked with U.S. The suspect had worked in a special CIA-backed Afghan Army unit before emigrating from Afghanistan, according to two sources who spoke to the Associated Press on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation, and #AfghanEvac, a group that helps resettle Afghans who assisted the U.S. The Veterans of Foreign Wars post in Webster Springs, where Beckstrom is from, will hold three prayer vigils Thursday, Friday and Saturday evenings, according to a Facebook post from the Webster County Veterans Auxiliary. But make no mistake, if they do not, that will certainly be the charge.” The rare shooting of National Guard members on American soil, on the eve of Thanksgiving, comes amid court fights and a broader public policy debate about the Trump administration’s use of the military to combat what officials cast as an out-of-control crime problem. The suspect who was in custody also was shot and had wounds that were not believed to be life-threatening, according to a law enforcement official who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to AP on condition of anonymity. Shooting raises questions about legacy of Afghanistan War A resident of the eastern Afghan province of Khost who identified himself as Lakanwal’s cousin said Lakanwal was originally from the province and that he and his brother had worked in a special Afghan Army unit known as Zero Units in the southern province of Kandahar. A former official from the unit, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation, said Lakanwal was a team leader and his brother was a platoon leader. The cousin spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals.He said Lakanwal had started out working as a security guard for the unit in 2012, and was later promoted to become a team leader and a GPS specialist. It has since faced intense scrutiny from Trump and others over allegations of gaps in the vetting process, even as advocates say there was extensive vetting and the program offered a lifeline to people at risk of Taliban reprisals. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said in a social media post Thursday that Trump directed him to review the green cards of people from countries “of concern.” Edlow didn’t name the countries. Agents have served a series of search warrants, with Patel calling it a “coast-to-coast investigation.” Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser, a Democrat, has previously questioned the effectiveness of using the National Guard to enforce city laws. Last week, a federal judge ordered an end to the deployment there, but the judge also paused her order for 21 days to allow the administration to remove the troops or appeal. “That person will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.” Associated Press journalists Siddiqullah Alizai, Elena Becatoros, Konstantin Toropin, Seung Min Kim, Gary Fields, Safiyah Riddle, Matt Brown, Mike Balsamo, Eric Tucker, Jesse Bedayn, Evan Vucci, Nathan Ellgren, John Raby, Hallie Golden, Michael R.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/investigations-of-national-guard-shooting-reveals-suspect-worked-for-cia-in-afghanistan
Article: John Yang: Tonight, investigators say the suspect in the brazen daylight shooting of two National Guard members in Washington, D.C., drove cross-country to carry out the attack, but they're still searching for a motive. Liz Landers: Caught on camera, the moment after an attack that shattered the pre-holiday calm near the White House, the suspect, already wounded, tackled to the pavement, surrounded by law enforcement. Just minutes earlier, officials say, he opened fire on two National Guard members as they waited at a Washington, D.C., bus stop, the victims, 20-year-old Sarah Beckstrom and 24-year-old Andrew Wolfe, both from the West Virginia National Guard. Liz Landers: Law enforcement identified the suspect as an Afghan national and said he drove across the country from his home north of Seattle with a plan to commit the attack. Jeanine Pirro: The suspect he has been identified is Rahmanullah Lakanwal, a 29-year-old Afghan who entered the United States under Biden's Operation Allies Welcome, a program following the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan. Liz Landers: He also ordered 500 more National Guard troops to Washington, in addition to about 2,000 already there, though it was unclear when they would arrive or where they would come from. Customs and Immigration Services said today in a statement that he is directing a — quote — "full-scale, rigorous reexamination of every green card for every alien from every country of concern." When "PBS News Hour" asked which of these countries will be impacted, the administration pointed us, John, to an executive order listing 19 countries, including Afghanistan and Yemen.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Family/family-celebrates-2nd-thanksgiving-dinner-mail-carrier-fathers/story?id=127932032
Article: Guy and Marcia Miller of Aurora, Illinois, said they were more than happy to host mail carrier Jaylen Lockhart and his family for a second year and were pleasantly surprised when they learned the mail carrier wanted to propose to girlfriend Sydney Rehm in front of them. That's something that I cherish, and I will for the rest of my life." Rehm told "GMA" on Thursday that it was one of the happiest days of her life. Thursday's Thanksgiving celebration was Lockhart and the Millers' second holiday gathering, with the group marking one year since Lockhart rushed to Guy Miller's aid after witnessing him fall while out on a walk. "I had this treat bag in my hand, and it fell out of my hand, and I bent over to pick it up -- and at that same time, the dog lunged forward because he saw a squirrel or something, and I lost my balance," the 75-year-old recalled to "GMA" last year. "I didn't have time to put my hands out and I kind of conked my head on the grass." Lockhart, 27, told "GMA" previously he had been working as a substitute mail carrier that afternoon when he saw Guy Miller fall. 2:59 Family invites mail carrier who aided father to Thanksgiving The Miller family has a lot to be thankful for this year, after the helpful efforts of mail carrier Jaylen Lockhart, who helped Guy Miller after he fell while walking his dog. "He eventually did fall and took his tumble." He continued, "I did a U-turn, and I got to him as quick as I can, just kind of making sure he was OK." Guy Miller, who has diabetes, said he remembers struggling to get back up before Lockhart caught up to him. Marcia Miller said once she was able to get to her husband and "got the blood all taken care of, we realized, oh man, there's abrasions, there's scrapes, but there were no deep cuts." "My daughter, who is a nurse, checked him for a concussion and said, 'You know, I think we're OK here.' So yeah, [we're] very, very, very thankful," she told "GMA" previously. "And I'm just blessed that we're here for another Thanksgiving, and blessed to have a great role model." Lockhart was also honored last year by the city of Aurora, which recognized his good deed by declaring his birthday, Aug.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/refugee-groups-worry-backlash-after-shooting-national-guard-127934299
Article: People who work with refugees are worried about backlash after authorities say an Afghan national shot National Guard soldiers in Washington, D.C., this week Refugee groups worry about backlash after shooting of National Guard soldiers in DC National Guard patrol along the National Mall in front of the Capitol, Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul) SEATTLE -- People who work with refugees are worried that those who fled dangerous situations to start again in America will face backlash after authorities say an Afghan national shot two National Guard soldiers this week. are afraid to leave their houses, fearing they’ll be swept up by immigration officials or attacked with hate speech, said Shawn VanDiver, president of the San Diego-based group #AfghanEvac, a group that helps resettle Afghans who assisted the U.S. He represents himself.” Officials say Rahmanullah Lakanwal, 29, drove from his home in Bellingham, Washington, to the nation's capital where he shot two West Virginia National Guard members deployed in Washington, D.C. Lakanwal had worked in a special CIA-backed Afghan Army unit before emigrating from Afghanistan, according to #AfghanEvac and two sources who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. After the shooting, President Donald Trump said his administration would review everyone who entered from the country under former President Joe Biden — a measure his administration had been planning even before the shooting. Ambassador Ashraf Haidari, founder and president of Displaced International, which provides resources, advocacy and support to displaced people worldwide, said there must be a thorough investigation and justice for those who were harmed, “but even as we pursue accountability, one individual’s alleged actions cannot be allowed to define, burden, or endanger entire communities who had no part in this tragedy.” Matthew Soerens, a vice president with World Relief, a Christian humanitarian organization that helps settle refugees, including Afghan nationals in Whatcom County, Washington, said the person responsible for the shooting should face justice under the law.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/fleet-ups-planes-grounded-after-deadly-crash-expected-127934009
Article: UPS Airlines says a fleet of planes grounded after a deadly crash is expected to miss the peak holiday season due to inspections and possible repairs This combination photo provided by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) via UPS shows a sequence of framegrabs made from video where an engine is seen detaching from the plane's left wing upon takeoff at the Louisville International Airport in Louisville, Nov. (UPS/NTSB via AP) This combination photo provided by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) via UPS shows a sequence of framegrabs made from video where an engine is seen detaching from the plane's left wing upon takeoff at the Louisville International Airport in Louisville, Nov. (UPS/NTSB via AP) A fleet of planes that UPS grounded after a deadly crash isn’t expected to be back in service during the peak holiday season due to inspections and possible repairs, the company said Wednesday in an internal memo. The airline expects it will be several months before its McDonnell Douglas MD-11 fleet returns to service as it works to meet Federal Aviation Administration guidelines, said the memo from UPS Airlines president Bill Moore to employees. A UPS spokesperson said in a statement that the company will rely on contingency plans to deliver for customers throughout the peak season, and it “will take the time needed to ensure that every aircraft is safe.” The 109 remaining MD-11 airliners, averaging more than 30 years old, are exclusively used to haul cargo for package delivery companies. Boeing, which took over as the manufacturer of MD-11s since merging with McDonnell Douglas in 1997, said in a statement that it is “working diligently to provide instructions and technical support to operators” so that they can meet the FAA’s requirements.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-west-virginia-national-guard-members-shot-afghan-127921139
Article: President Donald Trump said that one of the two West Virginia National Guard members shot by an Afghan national near the White House had died, calling the shooter who had worked with the CIA in his native country a “savage monster.” Trump says one of the two West Virginia National Guard members shot by Afghan national has died By JOSH BOAK Associated Press , BEN FINLEY Associated Press , ANTHONY IZAGUIRRE Associated Press , and ALANNA DURKIN RICHER Associated Press This combo from photos provided by the U.S. Attorney’s Office via AP) WEST PALM BEACH, Florida -- President Donald Trump said that one of the two West Virginia National Guard members shot by an Afghan national near the White House had died, calling the shooter who had worked with the CIA in his native country a “savage monster.” As part of his Thanksgiving call to U.S. Her parents are with her.” The president called Beckstrom an “incredible person, outstanding in every single way.” Trump used the announcement to say the shooting was a “terrorist attack” as he criticized the Biden administration for enabling Afghans who worked with U.S. The suspect had worked in a special CIA-backed Afghan Army unit before emigrating from Afghanistan, according to two sources who spoke to the Associated Press on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation, and #AfghanEvac, a group that helps resettle Afghans who assisted the U.S. The Veterans of Foreign Wars post in Webster Springs, where Beckstrom is from, will hold three prayer vigils Thursday, Friday and Saturday evenings, according to a Facebook post from the Webster County Veterans Auxiliary. But make no mistake, if they do not, that will certainly be the charge.” The rare shooting of National Guard members on American soil, on the eve of Thanksgiving, comes amid court fights and a broader public policy debate about the Trump administration’s use of the military to combat what officials cast as an out-of-control crime problem. The suspect who was in custody also was shot and had wounds that were not believed to be life-threatening, according to a law enforcement official who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to AP on condition of anonymity. A resident of the eastern Afghan province of Khost who identified himself as Lakanwal’s cousin said Lakanwal was originally from the province and that he and his brother had worked in a special Afghan Army unit known as Zero Units in the southern province of Kandahar. A former official from the unit, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation, said Lakanwal was a team leader and his brother was a platoon leader. The cousin spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals.He said Lakanwal had started out working as a security guard for the unit in 2012, and was later promoted to become a team leader and a GPS specialist. It has since faced intense scrutiny from Trump and others over allegations of gaps in the vetting process, even as advocates say there was extensive vetting and the program offered a lifeline to people at risk of Taliban reprisals. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said in a social media post Thursday that Trump directed him to review the green cards of people from countries “of concern.” Edlow didn’t name the countries. Agents have served a series of search warrants, with Patel calling it a “coast-to-coast investigation.” Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser, a Democrat, has previously questioned the effectiveness of using the National Guard to enforce city laws. Last week, a federal judge ordered an end to the deployment there, but the judge also paused her order for 21 days to allow the administration to remove the troops or appeal. ___ Associated Press journalists Siddiqullah Alizai, Elena Becatoros, Konstantin Toropin, Seung Min Kim, Gary Fields, Safiyah Riddle, Matt Brown, Mike Balsamo, Eric Tucker, Jesse Bedayn, Evan Vucci, Nathan Ellgren, John Raby, Hallie Golden, Michael R.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/uk-government-welcomes-sharp-fall-net-migration-127931102
Article: The British government has welcomed the news that net migration in the U.K., the difference between people moving to the country long-term and those leaving, fell by more than two-thirds in the year to June, but insisted that the figure must fall furth... UK government welcomes sharp fall in net migration but says more needs to be done LONDON -- The British government welcomed the news Thursday that net migration in the U.K., the difference between those moving to the country long-term and those leaving, fell by more than two-thirds in the year to June, but insisted that the figure must fall further in order to ease tensions within communities. The Office for National Statistics said net migration fell 69% to a four-year low of 204,000 in the year to June 2025 from 649,000 the year before, largely because fewer people from outside the European Union arrived in the U.K. However, voter concerns have largely centered on illegal migration, specifically on the difficulties successive governments have had in getting a grip on asylum-seekers making dangerous small boat crossings across the English Channel. peaked at a record 944,000 in the year to March 2023 in the wake of the lifting of restrictions following the coronavirus pandemic, a new immigration system introduced following the U.K.’s departure from the European Union and the arrival of those fleeing war in Ukraine and China’s clampdown in Hong Kong. Tighter immigration polices from the previous Conservative administration and the Labour government, which came into power in July 2024, have contributed to the declines seen over the past couple of years. Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood welcomed the latest figures but said the government must go further “because the pace and scale of migration has placed immense pressure on local communities.” Last week, she announced plans to tighten the U.K. In July, the government also introduced changes to migration rules, including an end overseas recruitment for care workers and a raise in the annual salary threshold again for skilled worker visas to 41,700 pounds ($55,000). Marley Morris from the Institute for Public Policy Research, a think tank, said reforms are expected to lead to a further fall, but warned that the government will “need to be careful to balance the need to manage migration with its other priorities on boosting economic growth, supporting housebuilding, and protecting public services.” Separate figures Thursday from the Home Office showed a 13% rise in the number of asylum-seekers being housed in hotels to 36,273 in September from June.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/canadas-prime-minister-albertas-premier-sign-pipeline-deal-127934921
Article: Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney and the premier of Canada’s oil rich province of Alberta have agreed to work toward building a pipeline to the Pacific Coast to diversify the country’s oil exports beyond the United States, in a move that has caused ... (Jeff McIntosh /The Canadian Press via AP) TORONTO -- TORONTO (AP) — Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney and the premier of Canada’s oil rich province of Alberta agreed Thursday to work toward building a pipeline to the Pacific Coast to diversify the country’s oil exports beyond the United States, in a move that has caused turmoil in Carney's inner circle. Carney’s support for it led to the resignation Thursday of one of his cabinet ministers, Steven Guilbeault, a former environment minister and career environmentalist who has been serving as the minister of culture. Guilbeault said in a statement he strongly opposes the agreement with Alberta, noting the pipeline could cross the Great Bear Rainforest and that it would increase the risk of a tanker spill on the coast. Alberta Premier Danielle Smith said the agreement will lead to more than 1 million barrels per day for mainly Asian markets so “our province and our country are no longer dependent on just one customer to buy our most valuable resource.” Carney reiterated that as the U.S. Former Prime Minister Justin Trudeau approved one controversial pipeline from the Alberta oil sands to the British Columbia coast in 2016 but the federal government had to build and finish construction of it as it faced opposition from environmental and aboriginal groups. “We have zero interest in co-ownership or economic benefits of a project that has the potential to destroy our way of life and everything we have built on the coast,” Coastal First Nations President Marilyn Slett said.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/trump-administration/trump-soon-take-action-alleged-venezuelan-drug-traffickers-land-rcna246267
Article: troops around the world, Trump thanked the Air Force’s 7th Bomb Wing for their work to “deter Venezuelan drug traffickers” and said “it’s about 85% stopped by sea … and we’ll be starting to stop them by land.” “Also, the land is easier, but that’s going to start very soon,” the president added, speaking from his Mar-a-Lago estate. We’re discussing this with different staff.” Asked about the administration’s continued targeting of narcotraffickers on Monday, White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt told reporters that “you can expect to see those strikes continue.” NBC News previously reported that according to current and former U.S. law enforcement and military officials as well as narcotics experts, drug cartels operating vessels in the Caribbean are mainly moving cocaine from South America to Europe — not to the U.S. During his remarks on Thursday, Trump also spoke with members of other military service groups, offering to take “any damn question you want.” Military members praised him, told stories and asked questions about his presidency, with a Marine speaking from Camp Santiago, Puerto Rico, saying that his battalion was ready to support the president’s operation against narcoterrorists.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyd4llgrego?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Louvre hikes ticket prices for most non-EU tourists by 45% 59 minutes ago Share Save Osmond Chia Business reporter Share Save Getty Images The Louvre museum received nearly 9 million visitors in 2024 Ticket prices for the Louvre museum in Paris will rise by 45% for most non-European Union visitors, the museum's board decided on Thursday. From early next year, tourists from countries like the US, UK and China will have to pay €32 ($37; £28) to enter the museum, a price hike which is expected to raise millions of euros annually to fund an overhaul of the famous gallery. From 14 January, visitors from countries outside the European Economic Area - a group which includes EU member states, Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein - will pay an extra €10 to enter the world's most visited museum.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/mexican-attorney-general-gertz-manero-resigns-become-ambassador-127936578
Article: Mexican Attorney General Alejandro Gertz Manero, a veteran politician who had faced accusations of using his position for personal and political gain, has resigned to become an ambassador MEXICO CITY -- Mexican Attorney General Alejandro Gertz Manero, a veteran politician who has faced accusations that he used his position for personal and political gain, resigned on Thursday to become an ambassador. In a Senate session, presiding officers read a letter by Gertz Manero requesting that his resignation be accepted after President Claudia Sheinbaum nominated him as “Mexico’s ambassador to a friendly country,” without name the country. A loyal successor to López Obrador on most issues, Sheinbaum has distanced herself from her predecessor on security matters, partly due to strong pressure from the United States, a country with which Gertz Manero had significant disagreements.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sri-lanka-closes-offices-schools-death-toll-landslides-127936995
Article: Sri Lankan authorities say they have closed government offices and schools Friday as the death toll from landslides and floods across the country rose to 56 Sri Lanka closes offices and schools as death toll from landslides and floods rises to 56 People walk past a section of a highway blocked by a landslide caused by heavy rain in Badulla, Sri Lanka, Thursday, Nov, 27, 2025. (AP Photo) COLOMBO, Sri Lanka -- Sri Lanka closed government offices and schools Friday as the death toll from floods and landslides across the country rose to 56 while more than 600 houses were damaged, officials said. More than 25 people were killed Thursday in landslides in the central mountainous tea-growing regions of Badulla and Nuwara Eliya, which is about 300 kilometers (186 miles) east of the capital, Colombo.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/trump-says-us-will-soon-stop-venezuelan-drug-trafficking-by-land?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States will start targeting Venezuelan drug trafficking “by land”, US President Donald Trump has said, in the latest escalation in tension with Caracas, which has accused Washington of planning to topple Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. Trump’s announcement on Thursday follows weeks of US forces deploying to the Latin American region, including an aircraft carrier group, stealth fighter jets and thousands of troops, as Washington’s attacks on so-called drug trafficking vessels have killed dozens of people in international waters. “You really are the backbone of America’s airpower, and in recent weeks, you’ve been working to deter Venezuelan drug traffickers, of which there are many,” Trump said in a Thanksgiving holiday video address to US forces. Advertisement Trump had previously warned of potential military action against sites in Venezuela and has claimed that Maduro and senior members of the Venezuelan government are involved in the drug trade. “For 17 weeks, foreign and imperialist forces have been continuously threatening to disrupt the peace of the Caribbean Sea, South America, and Venezuela under false and extravagant arguments that no one believes, neither in US public opinion, nor in world public opinion, and even less so in the powerful Venezuelan public opinion,” he said. “Today, we say that in Venezuela, there is no threat or aggression that frightens our people or takes us by surprise,” Maduro said in his speech broadcast on national television.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/hong-kong-firefighters-make-final-search-survivors-after-127936777
Article: Hong Kong firefighters have been searching a high-rise apartment complex after a massive fire killed at least 94 people By DAVID RISING Associated Press and CHAN HO-HIM Associated Press Burned buildings are seen at the scene of the fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) Burned buildings are seen at the scene of the fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Hong Kong firefighters combed through a high-rise apartment complex apartment-by-apartment Friday in a final attempt to find anyone alive after a massive fire engulfed seven of eight towers, killing at least 94 people in one of the city's deadliest blazes. Crews were prioritizing apartments from which they received more than two dozen calls for assistance during the blaze but were unable to reach, Derek Armstrong Chan, a deputy director of Hong Kong Fire Services told reporters early Friday morning. The fire started midafternoon Wednesday in one of the Wang Fuk Court complex's eight towers, jumping rapidly from one to the next as bamboo scaffolding covered in netting in place for renovations caught ablaze until seven buildings were engulfed. It took more than 1,000 firefighters some 24 hours to bring the five-alarm blaze under control, and even nearly two days later, smoke continued to drift out of the charred skeletons of the buildings from the occasional flare-up. The final search of the buildings was expected to be completed later Friday at which point officials have said they will officially end the rescue phase of their operation at the complex in Tai Po district, a northern suburb near Hong Kong’s border with mainland China. The apartments from which a total of 25 unanswered rescue calls were received, which are being prioritized, were primarily on higher floors, where the fire was last to be extinguished, he said.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/man-arrested-threatening-take-pastor-potters-house-christian-church-pasadena-records-show/18219740/
Article: Bryan Barrera, 37, was arrested after police said he posted on Facebook that he would "take out both your pastor and everyone at the church" with "just one shot to the dome." Investigators said Barrera called out Pastor Lamont Melrose of Potter's House Christian Church by name. A different pastor told police Barrera had begun texting him two years ago and told him that the people of Potter's House Christian Church had their souls taken by the devil and that he was sent by God to "show no mercy" to them. Melrose said there are security measures in place should Barrera show up at the church, which he's barred from doing as a condition of posting bond, according to court records.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy0l19j9jgko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 11 hours ago Share Save Michael Race Business reporter, BBC News Share Save Getty Images A major shake-up of workers' rights is on its way, but the government has U-turned on some reforms and it is still unclear how other proposals will work in practice. The government has argued it has altered its proposed legislation to prevent it being delayed from coming into force, with some changes set to take effect in April 2026 before more being applied in later years. Unfair dismissal The bill - which applies to England, Scotland and Wales, but not Northern Ireland where employment law is devolved - originally declared workers would have the right to claim unfair dismissal against their employer from day one. Flexible working Flexible working is to become the "default" for all workers, with employers required to say yes to requests from staff from their first day starting in a job unless they can prove it is "unreasonable". The grounds against granting requests include: Burden of additional costs Detrimental effect on ability to meet customer demand Inability to re-organise work among existing staff Inability to recruit additional staff Detrimental impact on quality Getty Images Sick pay The waiting period and lower earnings limit to receive Statutory Sick Pay will be removed. Around 1.3 million low-paid workers in the UK are to be entitled to 80% of their weekly salary as sick pay from the first day of illness, under the government plans. Under the plans, employees will be entitled to Statutory Sick Pay from the first day they are ill and those earning under £123 per week will also be eligible for it. A dependant could be their: Husband Wife Civil partner or partner Child Parent A person who lives in their household (not tenants, lodgers or employees) A person who relies on them, such as an elderly neighbour Fire and rehire If a business needs to cut costs, it may try to change its workers’ terms and conditions, for instance by cutting pay or changing shift patterns.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/putin-says-he-is-ready-to-guarantee-in-writing-no-russian-attack-on-europe?traffic_source=rss
Article: President Vladimir Putin has said he is ready to guarantee in writing that Russia will not attack another European nation, as he dismissed claims that Moscow intends to invade another country as a “lie” and “complete nonsense”. Speaking on Thursday in Kyrgyzstan’s capital, Bishkek – where he attended a summit of the Collective Security Treaty Organisation (CSTO), a Russia-led military alliance that includes some former Soviet republics – Putin branded claims Moscow is planning to attack Europe as “ridiculous”. Putin’s denials that Moscow is planning another invasion have been met with scepticism from European leaders, who point to the fact that he repeatedly denied Russia would invade Ukraine before doing so in February 2022. Responding to questions about efforts to end the war in Ukraine, Putin expressed optimism about a draft United States-backed peace plan, saying it could serve as the “basis for future agreements”. While Putin said Russia is ready for a “serious” discussion to end the war, he also warned that Moscow was prepared to fight on if necessary and take over more of Ukraine. A basic prerequisite to end the fighting, he reiterated, was that Ukrainian troops withdraw from Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine’s Donbas region, including leaving areas that Russian troops do not currently control. ‘The president has lost his legitimate status’ Putin also suggested that he was open to a negotiated settlement with Kyiv, but once again branded Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s government illegitimate, adding that it was “legally impossible” to sign any agreements with them. But right now, this is practically impossible,” Putin said, repeating previous unfounded claims that Kyiv had lost the right to govern after failing to hold elections when Zelenskyy’s presidential term expired in May 2024. Putin also claimed that, due to the Zelenskyy government’s purported illegitimacy, any peace deal must be recognised by the international community, and that the international community must also recognise Russian gains in Ukraine. The plan has since been altered with Ukrainian input, Ukrainian First Deputy Foreign Minister Sergiy Kyslytsya said, nixing a 600,000-member cap on Ukraine’s army and a general war crimes amnesty. On Thursday, Zelenskyy said Ukrainian delegations are set to meet with Washington officials to work out a formula discussed at previous talks in Geneva to bring peace and provide security guarantees for Kyiv. US representatives, including Trump’s special envoy, Steve Witkoff, are also set to travel to Moscow next week to continue discussions on key issues, including security guarantees for Ukraine and Europe. Advertisement Putin said his delegation intends to raise its own “key issue” with the US delegation, specifically a passage in the peace plan stating that Washington only intends to recognise Russia’s de facto control over Crimea and other Ukrainian territory, which Moscow claims as its own.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/millennials-are-driving-a-sports-tourism-boom-spending-big-to-do-it.html
Article: The sport, which began as a pastime after injuring himself in American football, has since become central to his lifestyle, as he plays it for two to four hours almost daily. Source: Vince Nguyen Nguyen believes traveling to play pickleball makes a difference as "every country has a little bit different style" in playing the game, and he is not alone. According to Hilton's 2026 Trends Report, which polled over 14,000 travelers across 14 countries, about 67% of millennials have planned a trip for events related to their interests, including sports, wellness and concerts. alone, millennials are 80% more likely to plan a vacation for tennis and 87% for pickleball, according to a survey by online travel agency Priceline on travel trends in 2025. "I'll go to a tennis camp in Phuket … when I travel to Dubai and Abu Dhabi I have a tennis coach that I just go and play with in the evenings after work," he said. "It does a little bit of what going out to a pub would do for a lot of people, you know, which is meeting people, meeting your friends over a drink," he said, but "I feel like I can do that at the tennis court." Hitting personal goals Mike Goldys, who lives in Florida, travels to surf overseas with a goal of playing in as many different surf parks as possible.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/trump-us-to-permanently-pause-migration-from-all-third-world-countries.html
Article: US President Donald Trump said Thursday that Sarah Beckstrom, one of the two National Guard troops shot a day earlier near the White House, had died, while the other soldier was "fighting for his life." U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday announced sweeping plans to tighten immigration rules, including a suspension on migration from "Third World Countries" and cancellation of all federal benefits and subsidies to "noncitizens" in the country. The president said he would also terminate "millions" of admissions under his predecessor Joe Biden and remove "anyone who is not a net asset to the United States, or is incapable of loving our Country." Trump added he plans to end all federal benefits and subsidies for noncitizens, "denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic tranquility," and deport any foreign national he described as a "public charge, security risk, or non-compatible with Western Civilization." His comments came after two National Guard members were shot near the White House on Wednesday, one of whom died from her injuries a day later.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0kdv1x83gko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Parents threatened and blamed by authorities as 1,000 adopted children returned to care 14 minutes ago Share Save Claire Kendall , Judith Moritz , BBC special correspondent and Sophia Cobby Share Save Verity and Ian Verity and Ian were threatened with prosecution for child abandonment Verity's breaking point with her adopted son Liam came after she had already been threatened with knives and arrested by police following untrue allegations. Her husband Ian recounts that she said at one point to a social worker: "What if we just can't do this any more?" He says the social worker's reply came without a moment's hesitation: "You'll be prosecuted for child abandonment." Verity and Ian are just two of 50 parents the BBC has spoken to during a six-month investigation into why adoptive families are being broken apart and their children returned to care. Warning - this story contains discussion of suicide The BBC conducted the most extensive Freedom of Information request ever into adoptions that have broken down, finding that more than 1,000 adopted children in the UK have returned to care in the past five years. As part of the investigation, we also learned: Nearly a quarter of the adoptive parents who spoke to the BBC said they had been taken into police custody as a result of allegations of abuse by their children, which were later found to be untrue A whistleblowing social worker revealed a culture of blame against parents when adoptions run into problems and said they are "sold a lie" about post-adoption support New research by Lancaster University found that 38% of adoptive parents said they had considered returning a child to care A Department for Education spokesperson said that "adoptive parents do an incredible job providing a loving and supportive home to some of the most vulnerable children in our society", and that while those arrangements sometimes break down "support is in place to help adoptive families and keep them together where possible". Verity and Ian Liam was adopted aged two-and-a-half from a household where there was extensive domestic violence Verity was released without charge but she and Ian knew they could not continue to live with Liam. Similar legislation across the nations of the UK allows children to be taken back into care, but local authorities require each case to reach a "threshold" where they need to intervene, which usually means looking for evidence of abuse or neglect. Verity says: "The way it's written is still blaming us as parents for the home situation, but actually that is not the case at all." 'My heart just broke' In the end, worried they could no longer keep their daughter safe, Verity and Ian felt they had to force the local authority's hand. Through their solicitor, they gave a deadline after which they would no longer be able to offer Liam a home, and it would become the council's duty to accommodate him. We were forced into doing it this way, and essentially making him homeless, in order for the local authority to get their acts together." Now aged 17, settled and living independently after several previous moves, Liam takes responsibility for his behaviour, but says it is "a shame that it's impacted what I call a family". "But I think if social services had sorted themselves out, and I think if we had sorted ourselves out, personally, we could have pushed through and maybe it would have been a different situation," he said. BBC/Stephen Fildes Specialist adoption solicitor Damien Dobson says families are being forced into heartbreaking decisions Social workers are involved in every adopted child's case and often families continue to need their support for many years. Verity and Ian's local authority, North Yorkshire Council, said it couldn't discuss individual cases, but it recognised "how difficult challenges linked to adoption can be for families" and it said it provided "compassionate, practical support when this happens". Parents who can no longer cope, or no longer feel they can keep their family safe, have to take the "heartbreaking" decision to "legally abandon" their son or daughter, says Damien Dobson, a specialist adoption solicitor. 'Desperate for help' Verity and Ian were among dozens of families the BBC met in Manchester, at an event organised by a group called Patch - which stands for Passionate Adopters Targeting Change with Hope - whose members are adoptive families challenging what they see as fundamental failings in the system. BBC/Stephen Fildes Fiona Wells says families in crisis are joining her support group all the time Many in the room no longer live with their adopted children, who have gone back into care. Results of the BBC's Freedom of Information requests show that, in the past five years, more than 700 children were returned to care before an adoption order was signed and more than 350 afterwards. If you've been affected by issues involving adoption or mental health and self-harm, information and support is available at BBC Action Line Prof Machin says her research, which surveyed 512 adoptive parents, suggests many adoption disruptions and breakdowns could be avoided with timely and appropriate support. Many other parents told the BBC they wanted to speak out, but were prevented from sharing the full details of their cases due to reporting restrictions on Family Court proceedings. BBC/Claire Kendall Prof Laura Machin said the figures are shocking, but may be only the tip of the iceberg One mother, who asked to be identified only as "Rachel" because she was afraid of retaliation by the authorities, said she and her husband had been threatened with police action and wrongly told by the local authority they would have to sign away parental responsibility when they asked for respite care. After his son eventually returned to care, Matt took his local authority in Scotland to court over its failure to provide support - citing the Human Rights Act and the right to a family life. BBC/Stephen Fildes Many at the Patch support group told us they had been prevented from speaking out because of court reporting restrictions "The level of shame and guilt, it is like grieving for someone who's not dead," Matt said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp8z37jn6p4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Badenoch defends calling chancellor 'spineless' in Budget row 15 minutes ago Share Save Sam Francis Political reporter Share Save "She started it" - Kemi Badenoch defends 'personal' attack on Rachel Reeves Conservative Party leader Kemi Badenoch has defended describing Chancellor Rachel Reeves as "spineless, shameless and completely aimless" during the Budget debate. "Real equality means being held to the same standard as everyone else." Speaking to the BBC, Badenoch criticised Reeves for "making a hoo-ha about being the first woman to present a Budget". She told Nick Robinson she considered "pulling my punches" because Reeves looked "absolutely broken" after an embarrassing leak by the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) exposed most of the Budget 40 minutes before she spoke. Badenoch also defended her Tory Party chairman Kevin Hollinrake after he replied to a photo posted on social media by Farage of a black-and-gold Reform emblem with a picture of an infamous Nazi Golden Party Badge.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ced6dx0xewno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Women 'traumatised' by breast cancer treatment at NHS trust 13 minutes ago Share Save Sharon Barbour and Mary O'Reilly , BBC Local Investigations Share Save BBC Kate Driver says her cancer diagnosis was delayed and she was not offered the option of breast reconstruction Breast cancer patients suffered unnecessary mastectomies, delayed diagnoses and a lack of compassionate care at an NHS Trust in north-east England, the BBC has learned. Among the shortcomings it highlights are: Outdated clinical practices that did not meet guidance on best practice, and led to delayed diagnosis and cancers being missed A high rate of "re-excision" (repeated procedures) and low uptake of breast reconstruction immediately after mastectomy Operations that may have been carried out "too quickly" Outsourcing of many patient appointments in a manner that created a "conflict of interests" and "posed a risk to clinical standards" The Aubrey review says "persistent concerns" had been raised since 2012, when the trust lost its status as a training centre for breast surgery services. Although this was an NHS appointment, it took place at a private clinic held at Spire Hospital in Washington, where she was seen by Mr Amir Bhatti, the trust's clinical lead for breast surgery. What she did not know was that FNA tests are not considered best practice for breast biopsies, because they can produce inadequate samples, and lead to the risk of missed, incomplete or delayed diagnoses. "I can't look in the mirror at myself after having a bath because the scar is just a constant reminder that it's horrific." The operation has also left Dawn in constant pain across her chest and under her armpit. Between 2022 and 2024, more than half of the patients referred to CDDFT for breast cancer tests or urgent investigation were - like Kate - initially sent to one of two private two-week-wait clinics paid for by the NHS. Amir Bhatti, interviewed by the BBC in 2015 This arrangement was considered "overly generous" by some staff, who were interviewed for a Royal College of Surgeons (RCS) report into treatment and care at the trust, published earlier this year. "Obviously there was an incentive to see as many people as possible because of the per capita payment," says Prof Ian Fentiman, emeritus professor of surgical oncology at King's College London. A lack of compassion The BBC has also heard allegations from breast cancer patients about a lack of compassion and care at the trust, in both its clinics and its hospitals. Catriona says there was "no dignity" in the way she was treated at the trust We contacted the doctor who Catriona says performed this procedure, but he declined to comment. These included a mastectomy and lymph node procedure performed in 28 minutes, and an excision of benign thickened breast tissue in 10 minutes, "which the review team considered to have been unnecessary". The GIRFT report, along with a 2024 review carried out by a team of experts at the Northern Cancer Alliance, was not made public until the BBC made a Freedom of Information request . is to say how deeply sorry I am, that women who have been cared for in our breast services have been let down by us," says Steve Russell, who was appointed chief executive of County Durham and Darlington Foundation Trust in September 2025. It was not good enough and it is not good enough that we were too slow to act on the information that was there." He adds: "I'm determined to make changes so that it doesn't happen again." As well as a new chief executive, a new interim chair of the trust has been appointed. He looks forward to working with all those involved in any way required." If you, or someone you know, has been affected by cancer, BBC Action Line has a list of organisations that may be able to help.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/firefighting-at-hong-kong-blaze-ends-with-deaths-over-90-dozens-missing?traffic_source=rss
Article: According to the fire service, the flames were “largely extinguished” as of 10:18 am (0218 GMT) on Friday, and “firefighting operations have ended”, the fire services said, announcing the end of its operations. The eight-tower Wang Fuk Court estate in the northern district of Tai Po, which houses more than 4,600 people, had been undergoing renovations and was wrapped in bamboo scaffolding and green mesh when the fire started and quickly spread on Wednesday afternoon. “We’ll endeavour to effect forcible entry to all the units of the seven buildings, so as to ensure there are no other possible casualties,” Deputy Fire Services Director Derek Chan told reporters early on Friday. “It is a terrible disaster that no one wanted to happen.” Rescuers had battled intense heat, thick smoke and collapsing scaffolding and debris as they fought to reach residents feared trapped on the upper floors of the complex. The fire is now Hong Kong’s deadliest since 1948, when 176 people died in a warehouse blaze, and has prompted comparisons to London’s Grenfell Tower inferno, which killed 72 people in 2017.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/28/why-is-senegal-squaring-up-to-the-international-monetary-fund?traffic_source=rss
Article: While the IMF wants the West African nation to undertake a painful restructuring before it will agree to a bailout, Senegal, which was recently downgraded to deep within “junk bond” status, is resisting this plan. “Despite actions taken to boost growth and tax collection, the level of debt and size of the interest bill mean Senegal’s public finances remain precarious, particularly in the absence of a comprehensive official support programme,” S&P said on November 14. In its latest rating review, S&P estimated Senegal’s public debt had risen to $42.1bn, or 119 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), at the end of 2024, making it one of the most indebted countries in Africa. Advertisement To address its debt load, the government is now hoping to shrink the fiscal deficit – the amount by which public spending exceeds taxes coming into the public purse – from 12.6 percent of GDP in 2024 to to 5.4 percent by next year and narrowing to just 3 percent of GDP by 2027. The court estimated that Senegal’s real debt-to-GDP ratio was closer to 100 percent, compared with the roughly 70 percent which had earlier been reported, revealing almost $7bn in undisclosed borrowing, which largely stemmed from not including the liabilities of SOEs. On November 6, following a two-week visit to the West African nation, the IMF mission chief for Senegal, Edward Gemayel, said, “We’re engaged and determined to move as fast as possible to help.” Advertisement A few days later, Prime Minister Sonko revealed that Gemayel’s team had urged Senegal to carry out a restructuring – in which old debt is swapped for new debt with longer maturities, lower interest rates, or a reduced debt stock – so the country repays less. Looking ahead, the prime minister will have to convince the Washington-based IMF to release its paused loan by presenting a credible fiscal plan that restores Senegal’s finances without resorting to a debt restructuring. “There’s clearly a high degree of debt distress and little prospect of IMF funding anytime soon.” “It seems the Fund is making a new loan contingent on Dakar accepting a restructuring,” Esterhuysen told Al Jazeera. Another sign of market anxiety is that the cost of insurance against default – in the form of credit-default swaps – almost doubled in the days leading up to November 12, rising from 750 to 1,120 basis points, or 3.7 percentage points. Sonko is opposed to an IMF-backed restructuring because “he doesn’t want to undermine his 2024 election campaign pledge to restore Senegal’s sovereignty”, said Paul Melly, a consulting fellow on the Africa programme at Chatham House. “Expectations remain high even as the economic challenges are huge.” If the government concedes to the IMF, “it may result in voter disillusionment at the next municipal elections in early 2027.” It may also result in civil strife.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3e03x49ezgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Our panic when son called from Liverpool car attack' 33 minutes ago Share Save Julia Bryson and Jonny Humphries , North West Share Save Osborne family Mason Osborne (right), then aged 17, and his friends were struck by Paul Doyle's car at the parade The father of a Liverpool fan injured in the car attack on the club's victory parade has spoken of the "absolute state of panic" he felt when his son called to say he had been hit by driver Paul Doyle's vehicle. He said of Doyle, 54, who admitted all 31 charges against him on Wednesday: "Me and my wife have said we are glad he's admitted the guilt - but he has still done it." Mr Osborne added: "He was still in the right frame of mind, he could have stopped the car, he could have done all the correct procedures that a normal-thinking person would have done." Doyle, from Croxteth, Liverpool, had originally denied 31 offences, including causing grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent - but changed all his pleas at Liverpool Crown Court on Wednesday, the second day of his trial. Mr Osborne, himself a Liverpool fan, said he and his wife were watching the parade on television when they noticed the open-top parade bus carrying the Liverpool players picking up speed. "Then we had a phone call from Mason, and he was in floods of tears saying, 'I think there's been a terror attack'." CPS Paul Doyle broke down in tears as he answered "guilty" to all 31 charges "The signal cut out and we couldn't get hold of him," he said. "There was nothing on the news that we could see, nothing on the internet." It turned out the incident was not a terror attack, but Doyle had become "increasingly agitated by crowds" and intentionally drove into supporters, who were making their way along Water Street. Doyle was in the city to collect some friends from the parade, but - annoyed by the crowds - drove through traffic barriers and into the supporters, in what the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) called "an act of calculated violence". Footage shows car plough into crowd at Liverpool FC parade Mr Osborne said his son told him that "the car struck him on the right thigh, reasonably hard, and pushed him to one side". EPA Doyle drove his car into Liverpool supporters during the victory parade in May Mason, now 18, was taken to hospital with a suspected broken femur, and his friend's mum suffered a broken ankle. His father said the weekend after the incident, the family went to Paris but the city was busy marking the Champions' League final, which Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) were playing against Inter Milan. "The whole of Paris was like Liverpool but twice as bad, there were riot vans, flares, obviously we had to get out of that scenario so we had to quickly escape from that situation, just to make sure he was feeling better. This was not a momentary lapse by Paul Doyle - it was a choice he made that day and it turned celebration into mayhem." Doyle admitted dangerous driving, affray, 17 charges of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm (GBH) with intent, nine counts of causing GBH with intent and three counts of wounding with intent.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/baidu-is-major-ai-chip-player-in-china-to-fill-nvidia-gap.html
Article: Tech giant Baidu is emerging as one of China's key artificial intelligence chip players, positioning itself as a challenger to Huawei as both look to fill the void left by industry leader Nvidia being kept out of the country. It has sought to position itself as a so-called "full stack" AI offering with infrastructure made up of chips, servers and data centers, as well as AI models and applications. "Kunlunxin has emerged as a leading domestic AI chip developer, focusing on high- performance AI chips for large language model (LLM) training and inference, cloud computing, and telecom and enterprise workloads," analysts at Deutsche Bank said in a note this month. With Huawei — the leading player through its massive clusters of chips — out of the picture, analysts are suggesting Baidu will fill the void and its chip business is set for explosive growth. "We view Kunlun AI chip as one of the best positioned." The investment bank analysts forecast Baidu chips sales to increase six-fold to reach 8 billion Chinese yuan ($1.1 billion) in 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/rare-earths-the-push-to-develop-europes-critical-mineral-discoveries.html
Article: Bernd Lauter | Getty Images News | Getty Images Two Nordic mining companies at the heart of Europe's push to achieve resource security are taking novel — albeit very different — approaches. Under its forthcoming "RESourceEU" initiative, the 27-nation bloc intends to step up its efforts to secure access to domestic sources of critical raw materials in both the short- and long-term. Alf Reistad, CEO of mining firm Rare Earths Norway, told CNBC that there's been a clear shift in terms of how both domestic and EU policymakers are thinking about mineral supply chains. We have always said that we are too early until we are too late." In June last year, Rare Earths Norway announced the discovery of Europe's largest known rare earths deposit, reflecting what was seen as a watershed moment in the region's pursuit of strategic autonomy. It's estimated that the firm's Fen Carbonatite Complex, situated in the small industrial town of Ulefoss in southern Norway, contains 8.8 million metric tons of total rare earth oxides (TREOs). It looks like it is for us at the moment, but it's not something that you'd say, 'oh it's a no brainer, just run for it.' Niklas Johansson Spokesperson at LKAB Notably, roughly 1.5 million tons of these TREOs are thought to contain highly prized magnet-related rare earths, such as neodymium and praseodymium. Rare Earths Norway said it is currently in close cooperation with the local municipality and national authorities over a zoning plan and hopes to present a prefeasibility study by the end of the year. To help reach these targets, Rare Earths Norway has been lobbying for domestic and EU policymakers to consider fast-track permitting and price guarantees, saying such measures will be pivotal to its success. Reistad compared the firm's push to deliver on its resource potential to participating in the Enhanced Games, a controversial event that allows athletes to take banned performance enhancing drugs under medical supervision. "If you look now at what you see with China and the U.S., they are competing in a kind of Enhanced Games, and it's not possible for us to compete at all if we have no security," Reistad said. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen delivers her speech during a debate on the new 2028-2034 Multi-annual Financial Framework at the European Parliament in Brussels on November 12, 2025. Nicolas Tucat | Afp | Getty Images A spokesperson for the European Commission, the EU's executive arm, told CNBC that the bloc has a "clear vision" to ensure the secure and sustainable access to raw materials. An 'invisible mine' To develop its discovery, Rare Earths Norway is planning to extract rare earths from its Fen site using an "invisible mine" concept to avoid surface disruption and environmental impact. "It's important that people on top of the deposit are safe," Reistad said, who compared the concept to that of a "Kinder Egg." "So, if you have seen in the project by LKAB in Kiruna, they have to move the town. An Arctic city on the move Swedish state-owned mining firm LKAB, which operates far above the Arctic Circle in the city of Kiruna, is taking a completely different approach to Europe's growing appetite for raw materials. The company announced in January 2023 what was then considered to be Europe's largest known deposit of rare earths, describing the discovery as "good news" for Sweden, Europe and the climate. The extensive urban relocation project received international attention in August, when workers successfully moved a 113-year-old wooden church five kilometers (3 miles) down the road over the course of two days. Jonathan Nackstrand | Afp | Getty Images Like Rare Earths Norway, LKAB's Johansson said the company is currently in discussion with European lawmakers to ensure that it will be economically viable to develop its resources. It looks like it is for us at the moment, but it's not something that you'd say, 'oh it's a no brainer, just run for it,'" Johansson told CNBC by telephone. "I also tell them that if it looks like this for us, who has most of the infrastructure and everything in place, how do you think it will look for others in Europe?" Mineral sovereignty

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/israeli-forces-syrians-clash-in-damascus-countryside-casualties-reported?traffic_source=rss
Article: Another Israeli incursion into Syrian territory in the Damascus countryside at dawn has killed at least nine Syrians, according to State media, with several Israeli soldiers also wounded in clashes. Syrian state media also reported on Friday that the Israeli dawn raid and strikes has forced dozens of families to flee from the town of Beit Jinn to nearby and safer areas. Israeli news outlet Yedioth Ahronoth said reports indicate that an Israeli force that had entered the Syrian village of Beit Jinn was surrounded, prompting air strikes and artillery shelling to extract and force its withdrawal. Israeli incursions, bombings and abductions in Syria The Israeli army frequently carries out ground incursions into Syrian territory in Quneitra province in the occupied Golan Heights and Damascus countryside governorates. Advertisement Israeli military incursions have become more brazen, more frequent and more violent since Israel expanded its occupation of southern Syria following the ousting of President Bashar al-Assad in December 2024. However, following the fall of al-Assad, Israel violated a 1974 agreement and again invaded its neighbour’s territory, occupying more land along the border as part of a “buffer zone”, including the strategically vital summit of Jabal al-Sheikh. But instead of seeking to start on a new path with Syria, Israel has doubled down on its bombing campaign and increased the number of strikes this year, including in the capital, Damascus, leading to the deaths of several Syrian soldiers and hitting the Ministry of Defence. Earlier this month, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s appearance with Israel’s troops in illegally occupied territory in southern Syria angered Damascus, and raised further doubts over whether a security deal between the two countries can be agreed. Netanyahu’s visit – accompanied by several of his senior officials – signalled that he is not planning to shift from his hardline position on Syria, despite encouragement from the United States. As well as repeated Israeli bombardments and incursions, the fledgling government of Syrian President Ahmed al-Sharaa has been contending with keeping a lid on eruptions of sectarian violence in a nation ravaged by 14 years of ruinous civil war, as the country comes out of its isolation to rejoin the international fold, securing critical economic lifelines.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5623787/trump-vows-to-permanently-pause-migration-from-poor-nations-in-social-media-screed
Article: "Other than that, HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL, except those that hate, steal, murder, and destroy everything that America stands for — You won't be here for long!" Trump's threat to stop immigration would be a serious blow to a nation that has long defined itself as welcoming immigrants. The perception that immigration breeds crime "continues to falter under the weight of the evidence," according to a review of academic literature last year in the Annual Review of Criminology. "With few exceptions, studies conducted at both the aggregate and individual levels demonstrate that high concentrations of immigrants are not associated with increased levels of crime and delinquency across neighborhoods and cities in the United States," it said. But Trump seemed to have little interest in a policy debate in his unusually lengthy social media post, which the White House, on its own rapid response social media account, called "one of the most important messages ever released by President Trump." Trump claimed immigrants from Somalia are "completely taking over the once great State of Minnesota" as he used a dated slur for intellectually disabled people to demean that state's governor, Tim Walz, the Democratic vice presidential nominee last year, calling him "seriously retarded." Trump has ramped up his rhetoric since the shooting. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said the agency would take additional steps to screen people from 19 "high-risk" countries "to the maximum degree possible." Edlow didn't name the countries.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5623784/pope-leo-turkey-force-peace
Article: Pope Leo XIV encourages Turkey to be a force for peace on his first foreign trip toggle caption Yavuz Ozden/AP/DIA Photo ANKARA, Turkey — Pope Leo XIV encouraged Turkey to be a source of stability and dialogue in a world riven by conflict, as he opened his first foreign trip as pope on Thursday with a plea for peace amid efforts to end wars in Ukraine and Gaza. The American pope emphasized a message of peace as he arrived in Ankara, welcomed on the tarmac by a military guard of honor and at the presidential palace by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Sponsor Message Speaking to Erdogan and the country's diplomatic corps at a library in the palace complex, Leo praised Turkey's historic role as a bridge between East and West, at the crossroads of religions and cultures. "Today, more than ever, we need people who will promote dialogue and practice it with firm will and patient resolve." Leo's visit comes as Turkey, a country of more than 85 million people of predominantly Sunni Muslims, has cast itself as a key intermediary in efforts to end the conflicts in Ukraine and Gaza. Leo didn't cite the conflicts specifically, but he quoted his predecessor, Pope Francis, in lamenting that the wars ravaging the world today amount to a "third world war fought piecemeal," with resources spent on armaments instead of fighting hunger and poverty and protecting creation. The future of humanity is at stake." In his address, Erdogan said the Palestinian issue is central to achieving peace in the region and praised what he described as the Vatican's "steadfast stance" on it. That's all the more true for this first trip abroad for the first American pope, who will be delivering all his remarks in Turkey in English in a departure for the Italian-centric Vatican. "Women, in particular, through their studies and active participation in professional, cultural and political life, are increasingly placing themselves at the service of your community and its positive influence on the international scene," Leo said. "We must greatly value then the important initiatives in this regard, which support the family and the contribution that women make toward the full flowering of social life." Women's rights activists continue to denounce Erdogan's 2021 withdrawal from the Istanbul Convention, a landmark European treaty signed in Istanbul in 2011 to protect women from violence. According to the advocacy group We Will Stop Femicide, 237 women have been killed in Turkey so far in 2025, most by husbands, partners, or relatives, while another 247 women were found dead under suspicious circumstances. Historic anniversary The main impetus for Leo to travel to Turkey is to mark the 1,700th anniversary of the Council of Nicaea, an unprecedented gathering of at least 250 bishops from around the Roman Empire. Speaking to reporters on board his plane, Leo acknowledged the historic nature of his first foreign trip and said he has been looking forward to it because of what it means for Christians and for promoting peace in the world. "And to invite all people to come together to search for greater unity, greater harmony, and to look for the ways that all men and women can truly be brothers and sisters in spite of differences, in spite of different religions, in spite of different beliefs." Leo also shared some more light-hearted moments with reporters, noting that Thursday was Thanksgiving in the United States. Reaction in Turkey Though support for Palestinians and for an end to the war in Ukraine is widespread in Turkey, for many, international politics is a secondary concern, as they face an ongoing cost-of-living crisis, owing to market turmoil induced by shake-ups in domestic politics.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/28/national-guard-washington-shooting/
Article: One of the National Guard members shot in an ambush near the White House this week died of her injuries, President Donald Trump said Thursday, hours before he posted an anti-immigration screed on social media. The president did not mention Wednesday’s shooting in his posts, but they followed days of heightened rhetoric around immigration and refugees from the Trump administration in the wake of the attack. In the wake of the shootings, the Trump administration said it would halt processing immigration requests from Afghan nationals indefinitely, and would review Afghan nationals who were admitted to the United States under the Biden administration. The president followed this up with lengthy social media posts Thursday night in which he railed at migrants, took aim at elected Democratic officials and threatened a wide variety of immigration policy changes, without providing specifics. In the posts, Trump said he would “permanently pause migration from all Third World Countries,” end all federal benefits and subsidies to noncitizens and “denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic tranquility.” The White House and the Department of Homeland Security did not immediately respond to requests for clarification about his comments. “These goals will be pursued with the aim of achieving a major reduction in illegal and disruptive populations, including those admitted through an unauthorized and illegal Autopen approval process,” he wrote, repeating accusations against his predecessor, President Joe Biden. Lakanwal had been part of one of the CIA’s “Zero Units,” The Washington Post has reported, according to several people familiar with the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss details of the investigation. The units, which have never been publicly acknowledged by the CIA, carried out missions to kill or capture members of the Taliban, al-Qaeda, the Islamic State and other extremist groups, with intelligence and logistical support provided by the CIA and the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/damage-rain-hamper-search-flood-landslide-victims-indonesia-127939232
Article: Rescuers are hampered by damaged bridges and roads and a lack of heavy equipment after flash floods and landslides on Indonesia’s Sumatra island that killed at least 74 people Damage and more rain hamper search for flood and landslide victims in Indonesia By NINIEK KARMINI Associated Press and KASPARMAN PILIANG Associated Press This aerial shot taken using a drone shows a flooded neighborhood in Medan, North Sumatra, Indonesia, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara) PADANG, Indonesia -- Rescuers were hampered by damaged bridges and roads and a lack of heavy equipment Friday after flash floods and landslides on Indonesia’s Sumatra island left 74 people dead and dozens missing. At least 48 people died and 88 were missing as rescue teams were struggling to reach affected areas in 12 cities and districts of North Sumatra province, the province's police spokesperson Ferry Walintukan said Friday. Authorities struggled to bring excavators and other heavy equipment over washed-out roads after torrential rains sent mud and rocks crashing onto the hilly hamlets in Aceh province, leaving at least nine people dead and two missing in three villages in Central Aceh district. The extreme weather was driven by Tropical Cyclone Senyar, which formed in the Strait of Malacca, said Achadi Subarkah Raharjo, the Director of Aviation Meteorology at Indonesia's Meteorology, Climatology, and Geophysical Agency.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/trump-suspends-immigration-from-third-world-orders-review-of-green-cards?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump said he plans to suspend immigration from “all Third World countries”, the day after an Afghan national was named as a suspect in the shooting of two members of the National Guard in Washington, DC. Trump’s announcement marks the latest in a series of escalating restrictions on immigration to the US, after he earlier ordered the US government to re-examine all green card applications from 19 “countries of concern”, in the wake of the Washington, DC, shooting. “I will permanently pause migration from all Third World Countries to allow the US system to fully recover, terminate all of the millions of Biden illegal admissions,” Trump wrote in a post on his Truth Social platform on Thursday. He added that all federal benefits and subsidies to “noncitizens” will end, and he will “denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic tranquillity, and deport any foreign national who is a public charge, security risk, or non-compatible with Western civilization”. US Citizenship and Immigration Services Director Joseph Edlow said earlier on Thursday that, “at the direction” of President Trump, he had ordered “a full-scale, rigorous re-examination of every green card for every alien from every country of concern”. “The protection of this country and of the American people remains paramount, and the American people will not bear the cost of the prior administration’s reckless resettlement policies,” Edlow said. Edlow did not elaborate on which countries’ applicants would be reviewed, but his office directed The Associated Press (AP) news agency to a June 4 presidential proclamation restricting citizens of 19 countries from entering the US. The restrictions on immigrants in the US come as Jeanine Pirro, US attorney for the District of Columbia in Washington, DC, identified the suspect in the shooting of the National Guard members as Rahmanaullah Lakanwal, a 29-year-old Afghan national who previously worked with US forces in Afghanistan. The US government is also in the midst of a major review of recent US refugee arrivals, according to a memo signed by Edlow and obtained by the AP on Monday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/cde697wl1elo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: At the Melbourne Cricket Ground, the 100,000-seater cathedral of Australian sport, and on Boxing Day, the highlight of the calendar in this country, the home side were blown away for 98. "If I could go back through my career and play any one day over again, that would be right up there because of what we did as a group." Trott made 168 and England won by an innings and 157 runs. The remaining seven years of his Test career were illuminated by other milestones: a starring performance in the 2012 series win in India, winning the Ashes as captain in 2015 and breaking the England records for most Test runs and hundreds.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/drone-attack-northern-iraq-gas-field-triggers-widespread-127930325
Article: ERBIL, Iraq -- A drone attack forced a complete shutdown of gas supplies at a natural gas field in northern Iraq, triggering widespread electricity outages across northern regions and prompting urgent condemnation from Iraqi, Kurdish, and U.S. “This act constitutes a direct threat to the interests of Iraqis,” the statement said, adding that those responsible would be pursued and face “decisive legal measures.” In a joint statement, the Kurdistan regional ministries of natural resources and electricity announced that gas supplies to electricity stations were “completely halted” at 11:30 p.m. The ministries said teams, along with personnel from Dana Gas, one of the companies that operates the field, were on site assessing the damage and working to stabilize the situation. “It is the duty and responsibility of the Iraqi federal government and the relevant security agencies to act swiftly and decisively to hold the perpetrators accountable and prevent such incidents from recurring,” he said. Iraqi Prime Minister Mohammed Shia’ al-Sudani convened an emergency meeting in Baghdad with the ministers of defense and interior early Thursday, ordering the formation of a high-level committee to investigate the attack and recommend measures to prevent future incidents. In a post on X, Kurdistan Regional Prime Minister Masrour Barzani urged the federal government to ensure suspects are neither released on bail nor allowed to repeat “these crimes.” He also appealed to the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russian-drones-targeting-civilians-turning-ukrainian-city-human-127938226
Article: Ukrainians in the southern city of Kherson live in constant fear of Russian drone attacks A car drives on a road covered with an anti-FPV-drone net, a road sign reading "Attention/Danger/Enemy drones", at the approaches to the frontline city of Kherson, Southern Ukraine, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky) A car drives on a road covered with an anti-FPV-drone net, a road sign reading "Attention/Danger/Enemy drones", at the approaches to the frontline city of Kherson, Southern Ukraine, Sunday, Nov. After living through the occupation, refusing to cooperate with Russian forces and hiding from them, Horlova, like so many other residents, found that even after her town was liberated in 2022, the ordeal didn't end. In an October report, the commission said that the attacks have repeatedly killed and wounded civilians, destroyed homes and forced thousands to flee, concluding that they amount to the crimes against humanity of murder and forcible transfer. Then it would be easier for us.” Horlova lives in Komyshany, a village just outside Kherson and only 4 kilometers (2½ miles) from the Dnipro River, where the level of intense attacks has remained the same, despite Ukrainian forces retaking the city from Russian occupation in November 2022 — about nine months after Russia launched its full-scale invasion on Feb. “It’s gotten to the point where they even drop them on animals — cows, goats.” She believes that civilians are hunted as “revenge” for the celebrations that broke out when Kherson was liberated. The report from the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Ukraine says the attacks have spread terror among civilians and violated their right to life and other fundamental human rights. commission said that it examined Russian claims that Ukrainian forces had launched drone attacks on civilians in occupied areas, unable to conclude its investigation because it lacked access to the territory, couldn't ensure witness safety and didn't receive answers from Russian authorities. The commander of the 310th Battalion, which protects the skies over 470 kilometers (nearly 300 miles) of southern Ukraine, including Kherson, says at least 300 drones fly toward the city every day. Despite the sheer volume of drones — a figure that excludes other types of weapons like artillery and glide bombs — his forces manage to neutralize more than 90%, he said. During a surprise visit to Kherson in November, Angelina Jolie described the constant overhead threat as “a heavy presence.” “There was a moment when we had to pause and wait while a drone flew overhead,” she wrote on Instagram. The families here live with this every single day.” At one of Kherson’s main hospitals treating drone victims, 70-year-old Nataliia Naumova is recovering after a strike by a Shahed drone, which carries a heavier explosive than FPV drones, left her with a blast injury to her left leg on Oct. “It all happened in less than 10 minutes.” For people in Kherson, the experience of occupation, and the moment the city was freed, still shapes how they endure the constant drone attacks.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/icc-to-rule-on-provisional-release-of-ex-philippine-leader-rodrigo-duterte?traffic_source=rss
Article: International Criminal Court (ICC) appeals judges are set to rule on a request to release from detention former Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who has ongoing proceedings against him on charges of crimes against humanity. Duterte’s legal team is appealing an October decision to keep him in custody after judges found that he was likely to refuse to return for trial and could use his freedom to intimidate witnesses. Prosecutors at the ICC say Duterte was involved in dozens of killings as part of his so-called war on drugs when in office, first as the mayor of a southern city and later as president from 2016 to 2022. “Because there’s a strong and factual legal findings in the pre-trial chamber, there’s no reason why it should reverse its ruling in September and grant him interim release,” Conti stressed, listing several other legal provisions. In a move that human rights activists say was aimed at escaping accountability, Duterte, who was still president, announced a month later that the Philippines was withdrawing its membership from the ICC. The charges against Duterte date from November 1, 2011, when he was still mayor of the southern city of Davao, to March 16, 2019, when the withdrawal from the ICC took effect.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/russian-space-agency-says-cosmodrome-damaged-after-joint-launch-with-us?traffic_source=rss
Article: The joint Russian-US Soyuz MS-28 mission, carrying Roscosmos astronauts Sergey Mikaev and Sergey Kud-Sverchkov and NASA astronaut Chris Williams, took off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome at 12:28pm Moscow time (09:27 GMT) on Thursday. Russian space bloggers, however, have claimed that the damage to the Baikonur Cosmodrome – Russia’s only launch site for crewed missions, located in the Russian-leased city of Baikonur in Kazakhstan – is more severe than authorities are claiming. https://t.co/NQ7pUizkO2 — International Space Station (@Space_Station) November 27, 2025 Immediately after the morning launch, Russian rocket launch analyst Georgy Trishkin claimed that “the service cabin [had] collapsed” and part of the structures had fallen on launchpad 31, causing serious damage that could suspend operations for some time. But despite continued cooperation, the US and other Western countries have ceased other partnerships with Roscosmos as part of the slew of sanctions placed on Russia due to the war.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/sri-lanka-landslides-floods-death-toll-rises-to-56-offices-schools-shut?traffic_source=rss
Article: Sri Lanka has closed government offices and schools as the death toll from floods and landslides across the country has risen to 56, with more than 600 houses damaged, according to officials. Sri Lanka began grappling with severe weather last week, and the conditions worsened on Thursday with heavy downpours that flooded homes, fields and roads, and triggered landslides across the country. More than 25 people were killed on Thursday in landslides in the central mountainous tea-growing regions of Badulla and Nuwara Eliya, which is about 300km (186 miles) east of the capital, Colombo. Another 21 people were missing and 14 were injured in the Badulla and Nuwara Eliya areas, according to the government’s disaster management centre, quoted by The Associated Press news agency.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-retailers-black-friday-benefits-holiday-halo-effect-127939051
Article: US retailers are about to see if Black Friday benefits from a holiday halo effect Sign marks special prices on toys as retailers roll out Black Friday deals, Wednesday, Nov. “Consumers have been saying the economy is terrible while continuing to spend for years now, so the outlook is probably better than they are telling us,” Bill Adams, the chief economist at Comerica Bank, said this week of shoppers' moods heading into Black Friday. "But business surveys also report consumers are being more sensitive to prices and selective in spending." While planning for the holidays in the spring and summer, retail companies were wrestling with the volatility of President Donald Trump ’s wide-ranging tariffs on imported goods. Market research firm Circana said that 40% of all general merchandise sold in September saw a price increase of at least 5% compared with the first four months of the year. At the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, foot traffic in recent weeks surpassed the numbers from pre-pandemic 2019, said Jill Renslow, the mall's chief business development and marketing officer. But at the moment, it doesn’t seem like it’s changing how they are showing up for this season.” According to Adobe Analytics, Thanksgiving Day was the best time to shop online to get the deepest discount on sporting goods.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/us-retailers-black-friday-benefits-holiday-halo-effect-127939052
Article: US retailers are about to see if Black Friday benefits from a holiday halo effect Sign marks special prices on toys as retailers roll out Black Friday deals, Wednesday, Nov. “Consumers have been saying the economy is terrible while continuing to spend for years now, so the outlook is probably better than they are telling us,” Bill Adams, the chief economist at Comerica Bank, said this week of shoppers' moods heading into Black Friday. "But business surveys also report consumers are being more sensitive to prices and selective in spending." While planning for the holidays in the spring and summer, retail companies were wrestling with the volatility of President Donald Trump ’s wide-ranging tariffs on imported goods. Market research firm Circana said that 40% of all general merchandise sold in September saw a price increase of at least 5% compared with the first four months of the year. At the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, foot traffic in recent weeks surpassed the numbers from pre-pandemic 2019, said Jill Renslow, the mall's chief business development and marketing officer. But at the moment, it doesn’t seem like it’s changing how they are showing up for this season.” According to Adobe Analytics, Thanksgiving Day was the best time to shop online to get the deepest discount on sporting goods.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyz7njqwvvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Japan's same-sex marriage ban is constitutional, says Tokyo court Japan is the only G7 country that does not fully recognise same-sex couples Ayumi Higashi, the judge who delivered the verdict, said laws on same-sex marriage should first be deliberated in parliament, the Mainichi reported. A Japanese court has ruled the country's ban on same-sex marriage as constitutional - bucking a trend set by courts around the country that had raised hopes for marriage equality in Japan. "The Japanese government needs to be proactive in moving towards the legalisation of same-sex marriage so that couples can fully enjoy the same marriage rights as their heterosexual counterparts," the rights group's East Asia researcher Boram Jang said in a statement. The verdict on Friday is the last among six high court rulings on same-sex marriage lawsuits filed between 2019 and 2021, in courts across the country from Sapporo to Osaka to Fukuoka. Friday's ruling by the Tokyo high court marks an exception to this series of verdicts, which had been adding weight to the push for same-sex marriage to be legalised in Japan.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/hong-kong-fire-death-toll-rises-55-people/story?id=127922774
Article: Three men associated with the construction firm in charge of the renovation at the housing complex have been arrested and are under investigation in connection with the fire, Hong Kong police said during a press conference early Thursday morning. Police suspect the mesh used during the renovation was not up to standard, and the company installed a large amount of Styrofoam in the windows and the outer walls which acted as an accelerant once the fire began, police said. "I express my deep sadness and my deep condolences to the families of the dead and the injured." Chinese President Xi Jinping expressed his condolences and sympathies to the victims' families and those affected in a statement. He said he ordered authorities to "do everything possible to ensure search and rescue operations, medical treatment for the injured, and post-disaster relief, and to provide necessary assistance to relevant departments and local authorities to minimize casualties and losses." Thick smoke and flames rise as a major fire engulfs several apartment blocks at the Wang Fuk Court residential estate in Hong Kong's Tai Po district on November 26, 2025.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/11/28/in-geneva-and-pokrovsk-ukraine-fights-trump-peace-plan-and-putins-troops?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukraine has mounted a fierce defence of Pokrovsk for the fifth straight week since Russia’s concerted offensive began to take its eastern city, while at the same time it tries to finesse a Russian-inspired United States peace plan heavily criticised by US lawmakers. “Our positions are held in the centre of Pokrovsk, shooting battles continue, and the enemy fails to consolidate,” said Ukraine’s head of the Center for Countering Disinformation Andriy Kovalenko on Sunday, citing the 7th Air Assault Brigade fighting there. During November 20-27, Russia claimed to have seized Petropavlovka in Kharkiv, Novoselivka, Maslyakovka, Yampol, Stavki, Zvanovka, Petrovskoye, Ivanopolye and Vasyukovka in Donetsk, Tikhoye and Otradnoye in Dniperopetrovsk, and Novoye Zaporozhiye and Zatishye in Zaporizhia. On November 20, Russian chief of staff Valery Gerasimov said his forces had seized the city of Kupiansk in Ukraine’s northern Kharkiv region, and were setting upon retreating Ukrainian units on the left bank of the Oskil River. “Despite enemy pressure, the Defence Forces of Ukraine managed to carry out counteroffensive actions in the Dobropillia direction from the end of August to October this year,” he said, referring to a failed Russian flanking manoeuvre towards a town northwest of Pokrovsk. Russian losses amounted to more than 13,000 killed and wounded.” Russia also kept up pressure on Ukraine’s rear, launching 1,169 drones and 25 missiles at its cities during the week of November 20-26. Questionable diplomacy Europe, Ukraine and members of the US Congress have all pushed back against a 28-point peace plan presented by the US administration of Donald Trump last week, describing it as too Russia-friendly. That included a promise from Ukraine never to join NATO and the surrendering of almost all the territory Russia has taken by force, along with the unoccupied remainder of Donetsk. “Right now is one of the hardest moments in our history,” Zelenskyy told the Ukrainian people after seeing the plan, describing it as a choice between “either the loss of our dignity or the risk of losing a key partner”. The Republican chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee Senator Roger Wicker said in a statement: “This so-called ‘peace plan’ has real problems, and I am highly skeptical it will achieve peace.” Advertisement Polish Premier Donald Tusk politely said on social media: “It would be good to know for sure who is the author of the plan and where was it created.” The plan drew heavily from a Russian non-paper submitted to the White House in October, said the Reuters news agency. The United Kingdom, France and Germany drafted a counter-proposal on Sunday, and a Ukrainian delegation led by former Defence Minister Rustem Umerov met with US negotiators under Secretary of State Marco Rubio in Geneva to discuss both documents. Ukraine has pushed for a meeting between Zelenskyy and Trump before December to thrash out the plan’s final form, but on Tuesday, Bloomberg released transcripts of a leaked telephone conversation between Trump confidant Steve Witkoff and Putin aide Yury Ushakov, in which Witkoff advised Ushakov to have Putin call Trump before Zelenskyy had a chance to meet him. Don Bacon 🇺🇸✈️🏍️⭐️🎖️ (@RepDonBacon) November 25, 2025 In his first extensive remarks on the peace proposal, in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan on Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin backed away from an agreement with Ukraine, saying, “Signing documents with the Ukrainian leadership is pointless,” because Zelenskyy was a president who had outlived his mandate. Advertisement “I believe that the Ukrainian authorities made a fundamental and strategic mistake when they succumbed to the fear of participating in the presidential elections,” he said, referring to the spring of 2025, when Zelenskyy’s four-year term expired.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/select/shopping/best-black-friday-deals-2025-rcna245656
Article: During what’s famously the busiest shopping day of the year, almost every retailer you can think of is currently hosting a sale online and/or in stores, like Amazon, Target, Walmart, Nordstrom, Sephora and Home Depot. Best Black Friday deals overall 4.5-star average rating from 30,172 reviews on Amazon According to NBC Select tech reporter Harry Rabinowitz, the Apple AirPods 4 are some of the best noise-cancelling earbuds for iPhone users. 4.7-star average rating from 45,774 reviews on Amazon I put these trackers in my bags, suitcases and wallet, as well as attach them to my keys, so I always know where my belongings are. 4.5-star average rating from 12,266 reviews on Amazon “My skin looks clearer and feels smoother since I started using these exfoliating toner pads,” says NBC Select editorial projects manager Rebecca Rodriguez. “You use the embossed side first to remove dead skin cells, then use the smooth side, which is so soothing on my skin.” The pads are made with 4.5% lactic acid (an AHA) and 0.45% salicylic acid (a BHA) to reduce the appearance of pores, refine skin texture and decrease greasiness, according to the brand. 4.8-star average rating from 122,395 reviews on Amazon LifeStraw’s personal water filter, which you use like a straw, is ideal for those who frequently hike or camp, and it’s a great addition to anyone’s emergency kit. It removes over 99% of bacteria, parasites and microplastics from water, and you can use it to filter 1,000 gallons before you need a new one, according to the brand. About six weeks later, you’ll get your results online, giving you information about your origins around the world and over 75 traits you may have a propensity for, like cilantro aversion and freckles. Best Black Friday tech deals 4.7-star average rating from 570,772 reviews on Amazon Once you connect devices like lamps, fans and coffee makers to Amazon’s smart plugs, you can control them remotely from the Alexa app or via voice commands. 4.8-star average rating from 83,578 reviews on Amazon It’s always a good idea to have extra batteries at home, but they’re especially useful around the holidays to power string lights, toys and remotes. 4.6-star average rating from 66,998 reviews on Amazon Once you plug Amazon’s Fire Stick into your TV’s HDMI port, you can stream movies, shows and music from your favorite platforms in 4K Ultra HD. 4.5-star average rating from 16,535 reviews on Amazon The Birdie is one of our favorite personal safety keychains, and you can hook it to a bag with the included carabiner. Best Black Friday home deals 4.4-star average rating from 119,321 reviews on Amazon Shark’s upright vacuum cleans up messes on carpets and bare floors, and it’s equipped with a HEPA filter to trap dust and allergens. 4.4-star average rating from 101,550 reviews on Amazon I’ve used this spot cleaner to get coffee, red wine, pet accidents and mud out of light-colored carpets and fabric furniture, so it’s a miracle worker in my book. 5.0-star average rating from 16,177 reviews at Lola Blankets I’m not exaggerating when I say Lola’s double-sided blankets are some of the softest I’ve ever felt, and snuggling in mine is always the most relaxing part of my day. Best Black Friday kitchen deals 4.8-star average rating from 19,588 reviews on Amazon I always buy more food containers during the holiday season to store leftovers and to help me prep ingredients before cooking meals for celebrations. 4.60-star average rating from 3,021 reviews on Amazon You can put 20 ounces of coffee in this insulated, stainless steel tumbler, which keeps your beverages hot for up to 6 hours or cold for up to 24 hours, according to the brand. 4.2-star average rating from 115,749 reviews on Amazon When you put this kitchen gadget on top of an aluminum can and press the start button, it automatically rotates around the lid to cut it off. Best Black Friday beauty and wellness deals 4.6-star average rating from 96,008 reviews on Amazon Cosrx’s essence is made with 96% snail mucin, an ingredient that brightens, plumps and hydrates skin, as well as reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, according to the brand. It’s also a heat protectant up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit, according to the brand, and I use it to break the cast on my curls when I style them with gel. 4.2-star average rating from 4,201 reviews on Amazon Upgrade your electric toothbrush with this rechargeable option from Philips, which has a built-in 2-minute timer and vibrates to scrub your teeth. 4.2-star average rating from 72,511 reviews on Amazon This cordless water flosser, which earned the American Dental Association’s Seal of Acceptance, is an effective alternative to string floss that helps remove gunk between your teeth. It comes with four interchangeable tips that rotate 360 degrees to reach all areas of your mouth, and it has three pressure settings, plus a 7-ounce removable reservoir that holds enough water for 45 seconds of use. 3 Lowe’s: Up to 50% off select products sitewide Nordstrom: Up to 60% off sitewide and up to 40% off designer clearance through Sephora: Up to 50% off sitewide, plus new deals daily up to 30% off, through Dec. 1 Best streaming service sales HBO Max: 70% off the Basic with Ads plan Apple TV: 50% off your first six months Disney +/Hulu Bundle: $8 off per month for 12 months Starz: 73% off your first 3 months Best tech sales Tile: Up to 41% off Tile trackers sitewide through Dec. 1 Garmin: Up to $500 of smartwatches and tech for sports, fitness, outdoor recreation and more Hatch: $30 off the Hatch Restore Whoop: Up to 70% off devices, plus discounts on memberships, through Dec. 1 Best home sales Best kitchen sales Great Jones: Up to 50% off sitewide Our Place: Up to 35% off sitewide Hydro Flask: 25% off sitewide (limited exceptions), plus 50% off the sale section, through Dec. 8 HigherDose: 20% off sitewide with code BFCM2025 and 30% off bundles Larq: Up to 30% off sitewide Flaus: 25% off sitewide and up to 40% off bundles through Dec. 2 Best travel sales Away: 25% off sitewide, plus an extra 10% off when you spend $750 Samsonite: Up to 40% off sitewide Calpak: Up to 60% off select items and 20% off sitewide through Dec. 30 How I found the best Black Friday deals All of my recommendations above are based on NBC Select’s previous coverage and reporting, including products the NBC Select staff tested firsthand. I also wrote about every deal in this article and worked with NBC Select editors to finalize the live list, which I’m frequently updating throughout Black Friday to reflect the most up-to-date prices.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5623794/israeli-forces-kill-palestinian-men-in-west-bank-after-appear-surrende
Article: Israeli forces kill Palestinian men in West Bank after they appear to surrender toggle caption AP/Palestine TV JERUSALEM — Israeli forces on Thursday killed a pair of Palestinian men in the occupied West Bank after they appeared to surrender to troops, drawing Palestinian accusations that the men were executed "in cold blood." The Israeli military said it was investigating. The killings, captured in videos shown on two Arab TV stations, came as Israel pressed ahead with its latest offensive in the West Bank, where the army has stepped up its activities over the past two years. Israeli forces accused of executing Palestinian men in West Bank The Israeli military and national police announced they were opening an investigation into the deaths Thursday of the two men, who were shot by members of the border police, a special unit that often operates alongside the Israeli military. In a video shown on Palestine TV, which has no sound, the two men come out of a garage holding their hands up and lifting their shirts to show they are not carrying explosives. Sponsor Message In a statement, the Israeli military said the two men were wanted militants in the northern town of Jenin who had thrown explosives and opened fire at troops. It said that after the men surrendered and exited a building, "fire was directed toward the suspects." It said was the incident was "under review" and would be referred "to the relevant professional bodies." Palestinians and human rights groups say such investigations yield few results, and Israeli troops are rarely prosecuted. Israel's far-right national security minister Itamar Ben-Gvir, who oversees the national police, praised the Israeli forces, saying they had acted "exactly as they are expected to — terrorists must die!" In Ramallah, the Palestinian prime minister's office accused Israel of executing the men "in cold blood." It called the shooting "an outright extrajudicial killing in blatant violation of international humanitarian law." Palestinian authorities identified the men as Al-Muntasir Abdullah, 26, and Yousef Asasa, 37, and said Israel had taken away their bodies. But the United Nations on Tuesday said Israel had killed at least 127 civilians, including children, in its strikes on Lebanon since the ceasefire came into effect one year ago. On Thursday, Lebanese Prime Minister Nawaf Salam criticized Hezbollah for not disarming in a rare rebuke of the group, saying the Iran-backed militants have failed to deter Israeli airstrikes, protect the Lebanese people or even safeguard the lives of its own leaders. American teen released from Israeli jail Mohammed Ibrahim, an American teenager held in Israeli custody for nine months, was released Thursday evening and immediately checked into a hospital, his uncle told the AP. Visibly thin, head shaven and still in a grey jumpsuit, Ibrahim wiped tears away as he was embraced by family members shortly after his release in videos taken by the family. The teen was visiting family in the West Bank with his parents when he was arrested at his family's home at night for allegedly throwing rocks at Israeli settlers in the West Bank, according to the Council on American-Islamic Relations and several members of Congress.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sons-virginia-giuffre-accused-andrew-epstein-abuse-seek-127939700
Article: Lawyers for the sons of Virginia Giuffre, her housekeeper, and her attorney have appeared in an Australian court to seek control of her estate Sons of Virginia Giuffre, who accused Andrew and Epstein, seek control of her estate FILE - Virginia Giuffre speaks during a news conference outside a Manhattan court in New York, Aug. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews, File) MELBOURNE, Australia -- Lawyers for two sons of Virginia Giuffre, her housekeeper and her former attorney appeared in an Australian court Friday in a case deciding who controls her estate. Giuffre was the highest-profile accuser of sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and she settled a lawsuit for an undisclosed sum in 2022 against then- Prince Andrew, now known as Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor after he was stripped of his royal titles over his association with Epstein She died by suicide in April at the age of 41 at her farm in Western Australia state without leaving a will. The only adults of her three children — Christian Giuffre, 19, and Noah Giuffre, 18, — filed a case in the state Supreme Court in June to gain control of their mother’s estate including property in Western Australia, where she had lived for years, and potential revenue from her memoir “Nobody’s Girl.” The memoir, released last month, expands on her claims that she was sexually trafficked as a teen by the late financier to billionaires, politicians and King Charles III's brother. Lawyers on Friday discussed a range of issues, including whether Virginia Giuffre’s daughter, who cannot be named for legal reasons, and her estranged husband Robert Giuffre should become parties in the case.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/european-markets-to-open-higher-as-choppy-month-draws-to-an-end.html
Article: In this article CME Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT LONDON — European stocks edged higher at the opening bell on Friday as investors digest the end of a choppy month. November has been a volatile month for equities with fears of stretched AI valuations resurfacing, causing a rollercoaster of relief rallies and sell-offs adding to insights from the latest earnings season and uncertainty over monetary policy. Russian President Vladimir Putin broke his silence on the plan on Thursday and said his country is ready for "serious talks." An overall positive month for the Stoxx 600 The benchmark notched upwards for the fifth consecutive month in November, with healthcare-related stocks leading the index.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mk6g0q?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Available for over a year Today, Adam is joined by Claer Barrett, Consumer Editor at the Financial Times and Helen Miller, Director at the Institute for Fiscal Studies to unpack how the budget will impact you. The Prime Minister Keir Starmer defended the government's tax-raising budget, saying it will help lift hundreds of thousands of children out of poverty - with the IFS saying households face a ‘truly dismal’ rise in their spending power. If you're in the UK, for more News and Current Affairs podcasts from the BBC, listen on BBC Sounds: https://bbc.in/4guXgXd Newscast brings you daily analysis of the latest political news stories from the BBC.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cr5z6pg2e6yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: In the minutes of October's Fans Forum meeting, United said 2,000 tickets for the Premier League game with Chelsea on 20 September were "successfully reclaimed" and "over 4,500 active users were blocked" from buying tickets. From that, it was established that one fan paid £900 to for a ticket to see the win at Liverpool, another paid £800 for the 2-2 draw at Tottenham earlier this month. The biggest northern clubs and all those in London are the main targets, with overseas supporters, willing to pay a premium to circumvent club ticketing policies they either have no knowledge of or whose criteria they do not meet.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/boxing/articles/c246nygq958o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Jeamie 'TKV' Tshikeva dreams of returning to DR Congo as the British heavyweight champion - stepping off the plane with the belt slung over his shoulder, showing the country of his parents and grandparents what one of their own has become. In a nation once known as Zaire - where 60,000 people crowded into the capital Kinshasa for Muhammad Ali v George Foreman in the Rumble in the Jungle - such a homecoming would carry real weight. "But things have changed now." BBC Sport sits down with the 32-year-old, and speaks to his father Makasi, to piece together a tale of power, betrayal and survival which reads more like a political thriller than a family tree.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/nexperia-crisis-dutch-chipmaker-issues-urgent-plea-to-its-china-unit.html
Article: Dutch chipmaker Nexperia has publicly called on its China unit to help restore supply chain operations, warning in an open letter that customers across industries are reporting "imminent production outages." Nexperia's Dutch unit said Thursday that its open letter followed "repeated attempts to establish direct communication through conventional channels" but did not have "any meaningful response." The letter marks the latest twist in a long-running saga that has threatened global automotive supply chains and stoked a bitter battle between Amsterdam and Beijing over technology transfer. "We welcomed the Chinese authorities' commitment to facilitate the resumption of exports from Nexperia's Chinese facility and that of our subcontractors, enabling the continued flow of our products to global markets," Nexperia's Dutch unit said in the letter.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/rsf-converts-hospital-in-sudans-west-kordofan-into-military-base?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Rapid Support Forces (RSF) have converted a large part of Al-Nuhud Hospital in West Kordofan in wartorn Sudan’s south into a military command centre and barracks since their takeover of the city more than five months ago, according to the Sudan Doctors Network. The nongovernmental organisation said on Friday that the RSF, the government-aligned Sudanese Armed Forces’ (SAF) bitter rival in the brutal three-year civil war, has been preventing the hospital from fulfilling its essential role in providing healthcare for the population. “This military use of the health facility constitutes a blatant violation of the sanctity of medical institutions and undermines civilians’ right to access treatment,” the statement on Facebook said, adding that some of the medical personnel in the city have been accused of cooperating with the military before fleeing the city. Fleeing the horrors of el-Fasher Hundreds of Sudanese children have arrived in the town of Tawila in Sudan’s western Darfur region without their parents since the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) seized control of the city of el-Fasher last month, a humanitarian group says. The RSF seized control of el-Fasher – the capital of Sudan’s North Darfur state – on October 26 after an 18-month siege that cut residents off from food, medicine and other critical supplies. “The Sudanese people now look to Washington to take the next step: to build on the US president’s honesty and work with us – and those in the region who genuinely seek peace – to end this war,” Sudan’s de facto leader wrote in an op-ed published in The Wall Street Journal. Attempts to broker peace between Burhan and his one-time deputy, RSF commander Mohamed Hamdan “Hemedti” Dagalo, have repeatedly failed over the course of the war that has killed tens of thousands of people, displaced 12 million and created the world’s largest hunger and displacement crises. Trump took a public interest in the war for the first time last week, promising he would end it after Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman urged him to get involved.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd9zqx5k8yno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Minister defends 'pragmatic' U-turn on workers' rights 7 minutes ago Share Save Paul Seddon Political reporter Share Save PA Media The education secretary has defended Labour's U-turn over offering all workers the right to claim unfair dismissal from their first day in a job. Bridget Phillipson told the BBC the climbdown was a "pragmatic" move to ensure "wider benefits" in Labour's employment rights bill could be delivered on time - and not a breach of a promise made last year in Labour's election manifesto. 'Big step forward' Ministers are continuing to insist the move does not breach Labour's election manifesto - even though that document clearly committed to create "basic rights from day one to parental leave, sick pay, and protection from unfair dismissal". They are also arguing the move would unblock the passage of its wider employment rights bill through Parliament, after the House of Lords twice voted for a six-month period, delaying its progress. Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Phillipson said the deadlock over unfair dismissal could have "jeopardised" the bill, which also contains new worker benefits, such as immediate rights to sick pay and paternity leave.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cjwy44966w1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Olivia Dean wins refunds for fans after criticising Ticketmaster 17 minutes ago Share Save Mark Savage Music correspondent Share Save Getty Images Olivia Dean's soulful second album, The Art of Loving, has been one of the year's biggest breakout successes Olivia Dean has described the concert ticketing business as "exploitative" and rife with "inequality" after securing her fans a partial refund from Ticketmaster and AXS. On Wednesday, Ticketmaster announced it would cap future resale rates for Dean's tour and was in the process of "refunding fans for any markup they already paid to resellers on Ticketmaster". "We share Olivia's desire to keep live music accessible and ensure fans have the best access to affordable tickets," said Michael Rapino, CEO of Ticketmaster's parent company, Live Nation Entertainment. "While we can't require other marketplaces to honour artists' resale preferences, we echo Olivia's call to 'do better' and have taken steps to lead by example." The singer made her debut on Glastonbury's Pyramid Stage last year, wearing a t-shirt featuring a portrait of her grandmother Dean, who has become one of this year's biggest breakout stars - with four songs charting simultaneously in the UK's Top 20 - responded by urging the music industry to ensure live music remains "accessible for all". In a statement shared on her Instagram story, she said: "The secondary ticket market is an exploitative and unregulated space and we as an industry have a responsibility to protect people and our community. "Thank you for your patience and I'm looking forward to seeing all you real humans at the show." BBC Sound Of 2024: How embracing chaos made Olivia Dean a star Ticketmaster and AXS do give artists the ability to cap ticket resale prices, as Hayley Williams and Chappell Roan have both done recently, but it appears that option did not come into play when Dean's tour initially went on sale. The move came after an open letter by some of the biggest names in music, including Coldplay and Dua Lipa, urged the prime minister to cut the "extortionate and pernicious" prices that some fans were being charged.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/death-toll-floods-thailand-reach-145-receding-water-127939897
Article: The death toll from flooding in southern Thailand has reached at least 145, according to officials FILE - Cars and houses are submerged in floodwaters in the Songkhla province of southern Thailand, Nov. (AP Photo/Arnun Chonmahatrakool, File) BANGKOK -- The death toll from flooding in southern Thailand has reached at least 145, officials said Friday, as receding waters started to reveal devastating damage across the region. More than 1.2 million households and 3.6 million people have been affected by floods triggered by heavy rains in 12 southern provinces, the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation said Friday. Government spokesperson Siripong Angkasakulkiat said in a news conference in Bangkok that flooding has killed 145 people in eight provinces, particularly in Songkhla province which recorded at least 110 deaths. News reports showed rescuers gained more access to residential areas that had previously been submerged under high water and recovered more bodies, particularly in Hat Yai, the largest city in the south.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp9kny53k0mo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 4 hours ago Share Save Ken Banks North east Scotland reporter, Tarves, Aberdeenshire Share Save BBC Lukasz and Edyta Kranz said Tarves was a good place to raise a young family Until recently, Tarves in Aberdeenshire was considered a village - rural, picturesque, quiet. That means it is now considered a town - and it is one of 33 former villages spread across Scotland which have been reclasssified as towns in the last 11 years. It's a new energy." Tarves has seen new housing spring up in recent years The cafe name Murly Tuck is traditional locally, a phrase meaning the snack of oatcakes crumbled into milk. I was putting the Christmas decorations up at the window, whoever passed on the pavement was waving to me, it was so nice - you would not get that in a big city." Morag Davidson and Joyce Duncan said Tarves had changed over the years As well as the cafe, Tarves features businesses such as a pub, a local shop, a chemist, and hairdressers. Much as we love our wee village, that is not sustainable." Retired care home assistant manager Joyce said she thought a growing population helped older people start to communicate with other people and get new companions. Stacey Barr said the local primary school was now much busier Stacey said she was unsure if the local primary school could take any more pupils, and that traffic was also definitely busier through the town. Tarves is just over a half hour drive from Aberdeen Reece Cormarck, 24, who was visiting his girlfriend in Tarves, comes from nearby Rothienorman - which also happens to be one of the latest new towns. "It's nice to meet new people, but it's still nice and quiet to live in." Reece Cormack said growth was good news for both Tarves and Rothienorman Reece, who works in Aberdeen at an industrial equipment supplier, added: "I enjoy living in the countryside. Deputy First Minister Kate Forbes said: "As a tool, the information it provides is instrumental in supporting local authorities, businesses, communities and other partners to inform planning and investment decisions to improve Scotland's places.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/ukraine/andriy-yermak-raid-ukraine-corruption-zelenskyy-peace-talks-rcna246298
Article: A top Ukrainian official at the heart of peace talks was thrust Friday into the center of a massive corruption scandal, threatening to further weaken President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a crucial moment in negotiations to end Russia's war. The home of Andriy Yermak, Zelenskyy’s powerful chief of staff, was searched early Friday by investigators with Ukraine’s National Anticorruption Bureau, the NABU, which is leading the $100 million kickback probe involving the country’s energy sector. In a post on Facebook early Friday, NABU said that its investigators, along with those from the Specialized Anti-Corruption Prosecutor’s Office, SAPO, were “conducting investigative actions” into the president’s chief of staff. Yermak, a key figure in talks with the United States, confirmed in a statement on Telegram shortly after that corruption investigators were "conducting procedural actions" at his home and that he was fully cooperating. Speculation has long swirled that Yermak could be embroiled in the scandal, which has fueled public anger and been seized on by the Kremlin to try to undermine Ukraine's leadership. Ukraine’s justice minister, German Galushchenko, was suspended amid the probe earlier this month, and former defense minister Rustem Umerov, who has also featured prominently in negotiations with the U.S., has been mentioned by investigators but not faced any charges. Yermak has been a constant presence next to Zelenskyy through the ups and downs of the war, and has emerged as one of the few men that the Ukrainian leader appeared to really trust. Ukraine is facing immense pressure from the Trump administration to accept a deal to end the war, but Kyiv and its allies in Europe have pushed back against Kremlin demands that it cede key territory it still holds in the east. Trump’s envoy Steve Witkoff will be going to Moscow next week to discuss the plan with President Vladimir Putin, who has long sought to portray the Ukrainian government as corrupt and weak.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cq602j925evo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Campaigners trying to save home of Auld Lang Syne 4 hours ago Share Save Share Save Colin Hattersley The campaign hopes to raise £12m to turn the site into a "world-class cultural destination" Campaigners are trying to raise £12m to save the historic farm where Robert Burns wrote Auld Lang Syne. Colin Hattersley Burns wrote some of his most famous work - including Auld Lang Syne - while living on the farm The launch of the campaign coincides with the premiere of a specially-commissioned film highlighting the significance of the farm. "This site has immense potential as both a cultural destination and an engine for regional economic regeneration." Colin Hattersley The farm needs extensive repairs and restoration Last year RBET secured almost £500,000 to develop and take forward its plans.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5620965/commercial-drivers-licenses-cdl-dot-immigration
Article: The DOT says it wants to make trucking safer, but some see an 'immigration raid' toggle caption Cody Jackson/AP If the Trump administration's crackdown on immigrant truckers had a face, it would be Harjinder Singh. Within weeks, Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy announced new regulations that would make it much harder for immigrants — even those in the country legally — to get commercial driver's licenses. "It has become a threat to public safety, and it is a national emergency that requires action right now." There are too many foreign-born truckers who don't know the rules of the road, Duffy said, and don't speak English proficiently. The Department of Transportation wants tougher regulations for commercial driver's licenses after a series of deadly crashes involving foreign-born truckers, stating that these are urgently needed to make the nation's roads safer. There are drivers on the road who are not qualified, Singh says, who've passed through schools that help them get CDL's quickly, without really giving them the skills to operate an 18-wheeler safely — though Singh says that's not just a problem for immigrants. "Some of the schools that are just using rubber stamps to issue these driver's licenses, there should definitely be a crackdown there." But Singh is worried that the Trump administration appears less focused on that problem. The Trump administration's emergency rule would sharply limit which immigrants without permanent legal status are eligible for CDLs, leaving only workers on a few types of temporary visas eligible to work as truckers. Sponsor Message The federal Department of Transportation is also pushing states to revoke CDLs that it says were issued illegally because the licenses are valid beyond the date when the applicant's federal work authorization documents expire. Already, California has said it will revoke 17,000 CDLs that don't comply with state law because "the expiration date of a CDL must be on or before the expiration of the legal presence documents provided to the DMV," a spokesman for the California State Transportation Agency said in a statement to NPR. "When I looked at the new rule and the way that it was written… it just feels very clear that the intention was to get immigrant drivers out of work, and it wasn't necessarily about safety," Zimmer-Wong said in an interview.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5604862/black-friday-sales-forecast
Article: An expert hunts for clues toggle caption Nate Smallwood/for NPR PITTSBURGH — Katie Thomas notices everything in her local mall: How clothes in the window display of an athleisure store switched from blues to browns overnight. As Thomas peers into her crystal ball — a muddle of government and corporate data, surveys and research, things she sees and hears from shoppers and retail workers — she has put her finger on a new driving force of the American shopper. "They're trying to figure out what they can control in a world where they feel a sheer loss of control." toggle caption Nate Smallwood/for NPR Lurched from a worldwide pandemic into surging inflation, then tariffs, a historic government shutdown and an unstable world order, people are finding agency in their own spending. Where am I spending my money, my time, my energy – how am I distributing that in a world that has felt so exhausting lately?" Sponsor Message Finding ways to assert ourselves through shopping The longing for control and agency shows up in different ways. "I've even heard from employees in this mall," she says, gesturing down the festively lit, echoey hallway, "people are spending on the 'wow' piece, not the basic — something fun." toggle caption Nate Smallwood/for NPR Splurging on the "wow" piece is difficult to slot into the common narrative about the American shopper: that consumers are cautious, on edge, tightening their budgets. It's the why and the how." toggle caption Nate Smallwood/for NPR The "why" right now is the season of celebration and gift-giving, a search for joy as a reprieve from the dim economic outlook people tend to share with pollsters. And shopping offers a tinge of control and normalcy: Thomas found that in the depths of pandemic shutdowns, going out to shop was among the top things people reported missing the most. For the holidays, Thomas is noticing shoppers second-guessing and skipping some of the extras — just one more stocking stuffer or a little treat as a self-gift — that people might have dropped into their baskets without much thought during the late-pandemic shopping sprees. toggle caption Nate Smallwood/for NPR Thomas's gut-check-the-extras theory quickly proves itself on her recent stroll through Ross Park Mall, as she talks with the shopper carrying Madewell and J.Crew bags. "Not spending money on things that I don't think are going to be useful or they might not use… Stuff to buy just to buy, you know?" And Thomas predicts — in a forecast that's shared by online-spending trackers such as Adobe Analytics — this means stores may have to offer deeper discounts than they'd anticipated this holiday season, to try to shake loose that urge for control.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/28/trump-palm-beach-airport-noise-restrictions/
Article: — The best days on Palm Beach used to be when President Donald Trump was far away, at least for those who value the peace, quiet and lifestyle to which the millionaires and billionaires of this island are accustomed. The airspace around the president’s estate is now a no-fly zone 24/7, even when Trump isn’t home, which means noise and soot from flights out of Palm Beach International Airport are being diverted to other parts of the neighborhood. “We want to do everything to make sure we protect our president, and we understand that when he’s there, this is what needs to happen,” Palm Beach County Commissioner Gregg Weiss said about planes being diverted over neighborhoods that were once outside the busy airport flight path. You go take your trash out to your garbage can, and you realize there’s a plane right over your head, and you can see the belly of it.” The White House referred questions from The Washington Post to the Secret Service. “We recognize that these changes could have an impact on the public and appreciate the Palm Beach community’s understanding as we work to keep the President safe.” The airport is three miles due west of Mar-a-Lago. The first was in 1995; it was dropped a year later when the county agreed to widen the flight path so fewer jets flew over his estate and to lease him 200 acres of vacant land south of the airport, where he built the Trump International Golf Club. “I am saving one of the great houses of this country and one of its greatest landmarks,” he said then, “and it’s being badly damaged by the airplanes.” That lawsuit was dropped when Trump was elected president the next year, and air traffic over Mar-a-Lago was banned — but only when he was there. It could be forever.” The airport started as a single airstrip in 1936, a decade after properties such as Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach and homes in El Cid, Flamingo Park, Grandview Heights and other neighborhoods near the West Palm Beach waterfront were built. Trump bought it for about $8 million, successfully fought the town for permission to turn it into a club, and created a go-to destination for Palm Beach society and, in the past decade, for political power brokers as well. I would like to sleep in, but I can’t past 6 a.m., and it goes on until 11 at night.” The county and the airport have worked with residents and citizen groups for years, hammering out agreements over the flight paths. Trump is the only president to declare his winter White House a legal domicile, but he’s not the only one to face the ire of neighbors inconvenienced by presidential visits. “What I hear from my own house is my wife complaining that the planes are flying over the house at 5:30 in the morning, and I’m hearing the same thing from far too many residents,” said Martin Klein, who lives on Palm Beach north of Mar-a-Lago and is a member of the committee on airport noise. Klein, an attorney who represented Trump when he first moved to Palm Beach, wrote a letter to the president hoping that “some accommodation can be reached regarding airplane flight paths over Mar-a-Lago when you are not in residence.” He hasn’t yet received a reply.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/federal-ban-threatening-market-thc-infused-drinks-snacks-127937918
Article: THC-infused drinks and snacks have soared in popularity as alcohol sales have declined in recent years What to know about federal ban threatening market for THC-infused drinks and snacks Cans of seltzer containing THC, the active ingredient in marijuana, speed down the canning line at Indeed Brewing in Minneapolis on Thursday, Nov. That has given the industry hope that there is still time to pass regulations that will improve the hemp THC industry — such as by banning synthetically derived THC, requiring age restrictions on sales, and prohibiting marketing to children — rather than eradicate it. “If they really thought there was a health emergency, there would be no year-long period.” The federal ban would jeopardize more than 300,000 jobs while costing states $1.5 billion in lost tax money, the group says.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/28/copa-libertadores-final-palmeiras-vs-flamengo-teams-start-lineups?traffic_source=rss
Article: Who: Palmeiras and Flamengo What: Copa Libertadores final Where: Monumental Stadium, Lima in Peru When: Saturday, November 29 at 4pm (21:00 GMT) How to follow: We’ll have all the build-up on Al Jazeera Sport from 18:00 GMT in advance of our text commentary stream. The recent Brazilian dominance of the Copa Libertadores continues on Saturday when a team from the South American nation will lift the continental trophy for the eighth time in the last nine years. Flamengo lead Palmeiras by five points with two games to play in the current season in Brazil’s Serie A after the sides finished second and third last season behind Botafogo. In the meantime, the showpiece trophy on the continent is up for grabs in the Peruvian capital of Lima, and perhaps with it, the bragging rights for the winner, no matter who comes out on top in the domestic league. It was Botafogo’s first appearance in a final, and they sealed the win with a 3-1 victory against Atletico Mineiro in the match staged in the Argentinian capital of Buenos Aires. The Brazilian club managed to hold on to the 1-0 lead it took in the first leg despite playing most of the second half with 10 men after Gonzalo Plata was sent off in the 56th minute. Palmeiras predicted starting lineup Lomba; Khellven, Gomez, Cerqueira, Piquerez; Allan, Moreno; Pereira, Lopez, Anderson; Roque Flamengo predicted starting lineup Rossi; Sandro, Pereira, Danilo, Varela; Jorginho, Pulgar; De Arrascaeta, Carrascal, Araujo; Henrique

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/poll-dramatic-shift-americans-no-longer-see-four-year-college-degrees-rcna243672
Article: Just 33% agree a four-year college degree is “worth the cost because people have a better chance to get a good job and earn more money over their lifetime,” while 63% agree more with the concept that it’s “not worth the cost because people often graduate without specific job skills and with a large amount of debt to pay off.” In 2017, U.S. The eye-popping shift over the last 12 years comes against the backdrop of several major trends shaping the job market and the education world, from exploding college tuition prices to rapid changes in the modern economy — which seems once again poised for radical transformation alongside advances in AI. And now that promise is really in doubt,” said Democratic pollster Jeff Horwitt of Hart Research Associates, who conducted the poll along with the Republican pollster Bill McInturff of Public Opinion Strategies. While there have been some small declines in tuition prices over the last decade, when adjusted for inflation, College Board data shows that the average, inflation-adjusted cost of public four-year college tuition for in-state students has doubled since 1995. Jacob Kennedy, a 28-year-old server and bartender living in Detroit, told NBC News that while he believes “an educated populace is the most important thing for a country to have,” if people can’t use those degrees because of the debt they’re carrying, it undercuts the value. “You go to school with all that student debt — the jobs you get out of college don’t pay that debt, so you have to go find something else that can pay that debt.” The 20-point decline over the last 12 years among those who say a degree is worth it — from 53% in 2013 to 33% now — is reflected across virtually every demographic group. Democrats have seen a significant shift too, but not to the same extent — a decline from 61% who said a degree was worth it in 2013 to 47% this year. Over the same period, the composition of both parties has changed, with the Republican Party garnering new and deeper support from voters without college degrees, while the Democratic Party drew in more degree-holders. Preston Cooper, a senior fellow at the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute, said enough cracks have proliferated under the long-standing narrative that a college degree always pays off to create a serious rupture. “These cases have created enough exceptions to the rule that a bachelor’s degree always pays off, so that people are now more skeptical.” The upshot is that interest in technical, vocational and two-year degree programs has soared. “They’re now more interested in any pathway that can get them into the labor force more quickly.” Josiah Garcia, a 24-year-old in Virginia, said he recently enrolled in a program to receive a four-year engineering degree after working as an electrician’s apprentice. “A lot of my friends who went to school for art or dance didn’t get the job they thought they could get after graduating,” he said, arguing that degrees for “softer skills” should be cheaper than those in STEM fields. Jessica Burns, a 38-year-old Iowa resident and bachelor’s degree-holder who works for an insurance company, told NBC News that for her, the worth of a four-year-degree largely depends on the cost. But her husband went to a private college for his degree, and she quipped: “We are going to have student loan debt for him forever.” Burns said she believes a college degree is “essential for a lot of jobs. You’re not going to get an interview if you don’t have a four-year degree for a lot of jobs in my field.” But she framed the value of degrees more in terms of how society views them instead of intrinsic value. “Our society needs to figure out that if we value it, we need to make it affordable.” Burns said she believes that a lot more people in her millennial generation are “now saddled with a huge amount of debt, even as successful business professionals,” which will influence how her peers approach paying for college for their children.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/michigan-city-warren-trump-100-days-rally-voters-economic-turnaroun-rcna244822
Article: With our tax bill, the average family’s take-home pay will be at least $5,000 more than it was just a couple of months ago." His ability to sell that message of renewal here and around the country figures to factor heavily in next year's midterm elections, which will determine whether Republicans maintain their trifecta in Washington — control of the White House and both chambers of Congress — and Trump avoids having a significant check placed on his power. The economic turnaround Trump predicted hasn't happened — at least not yet — residents of Warren and surrounding towns in Macomb County, the onetime land of "Reagan Democrats," said in interviews at a coffee shop and a dog park a few days before Thanksgiving. Their sentiments track with the 63% of registered voters, including 30% of Republicans, who said in the recent national NBC News poll that Trump has fallen short of their expectations on the cost of living and the economy. While Democrats and Republicans in Michigan disagreed over whether they expect the economy to improve in the next year, there is a universal sense that the dollar just doesn't go as far as it should. "You know, people usually have, like, a list of things they want to purchase on Black Friday or Cyber Monday, you know, but that’s — I’m not trying to spend too much money at the moment," said 28-year-old Riduan Rafique, who stopped in to Bin Castle, a Yemeni coffee shop here, on a break between his three jobs. Sylvia Jarrus for NBC News “Working-class people, middle-class people, they’re having a hard time just keeping up with the mortgage, keeping up with the groceries, keeping up with daily life,” said Rafique, who did not vote in last year's presidential election. “Even though, like, we can’t really say that it’s going up drastically, there’s still a price in increase of inflation year to year, which is affecting, like, people’s budgets.” Trump says he sees things differently. Warren isn't even among the hardest-hit communities of Michigan, where unemployment rates reached as high as 6.9% in Saginaw, 6.8% in Flint, 6.3% in Battle Creek and 6.2% in Bay City in August — the last month for which data is available — according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. And they ended blowing up the prices." Unemployment and underemployment are less of a problem for retirees like Klotz and Ray Rosati, 63, who worked as a truck driver until retiring several years ago.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1kpmm20zwwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: France to intercept small boats after pressure from UK 8 minutes ago Share Save Jennifer McKiernan and Andrew Harding , Paris correspondent Share Save PA Media France has agreed to start intercepting small boats in the Channel, following months of pressure from the UK. The change in policy comes after Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer wrote to President Emmanuel Macron urging him to back the plan and saying we currently "have no effective deterrent" in the Channel, according to a report in Le Monde. The decision to intervene at all is a significant step forward, following a short-lived change towards a more aggressive approach this summer, driven by former Interior Minister Bruno Retailleau, which dropped off when he left government. That was highlighted in July, in the run-up to a summit between Sir Keir and President Macron, when the BBC witnessed French police wading into the sea south of Boulogne to slash the sides of a boat. Now French authorities will again be allowed to intercept boats before they pick up migrant passengers from the beaches of northern France, although it's not clear how the small boats will be stopped.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/28/wyoming-pig-wrestling-teton-county-fair/
Article: The ban is meant to protect the swine after concerns about animal cruelty rippled through Teton County this fall and pleas for humane treatment of the animals surged into county commissioners’ email inboxes. The commissioners struck a compromise by voting 3-1 last week to eliminate the adult men’s category of the game and require participants to complete a program about caring for animals. The rules are simple: Four to five people hop in a muddy pit, sprinkled with bentonite to ensure maximum slickness, and try to place a free pig inside a padded barrel. “You can’t put it in headfirst — that’s illegal.” The board for the Teton County fair, which began in 1956, paused the sport during the coronavirus pandemic and then the vendor that supplied the pigs sold the animals and retired, said Kristen Waters, Teton County’s public information manager. In a poll this month, the Jackson Hole News & Guide asked readers: “Should Teton County Fair host a pig wrestling event?” About ⅓ of respondents replied “Yes, it’s good clean fun.” The other ⅔ said pig wrestling is animal cruelty.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/leonardo-unveils-michelangelo-dome-ai-powered-shield-system.html
Article: and subsidiaries) Italian defense company Leonardo on Thursday unveiled plans for an AI-powered shield for cities and critical infrastructure, adding to Europe's push to ramp up sovereign defense capabilities amid rising geopolitical tensions. Leonardo's shares were marginally higher Thursday and is up around 77% since January, amid a year of steep rises for defense stocks across Europe as the region's governments have hiked defense spending. "In a world where threats evolve rapidly and become ever more complex — and where defending is costlier than attacking — defense must innovate, anticipate and embrace international cooperation," said Cingolani, during an event on Thursday evening. Airbus CEO Guillaume Faury told CNBC earlier on Thursday that the protocols to exchange data between countries and teams on the battlefield were still "still quite limited," adding it could take a decade to build out Europe's "digital battlefield."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/28/iran-to-boycott-fifa-2026-world-cup-draw-in-us-over-visa-row?traffic_source=rss
Article: Iran is to boycott next week’s World Cup finals draw in Washington because the United States refused to grant visas to several members of the delegation, the Iranian football federation announced on Friday. “We have informed FIFA that the decisions taken have nothing to do with sports, and the members of the Iranian delegation will not participate in the World Cup draw,” the federation’s spokesperson told state television. Iranian sports website Varzesh 3 had claimed on Tuesday that the US had declined to issue visas to several members of the delegation, including the president of the federation, Mehdi Taj. “We have told the head of FIFA, Mr [Gianni] Infantino, that it is purely a political position and that FIFA must tell them [US] to desist from this behaviour,” added Taj. They have yet to progress to the knockout stages, but there was unconfined joy when in the 1998 finals in France, Iran beat the USA 2-1 in their group match. They had, though, been holding high-level nuclear talks between Tehran and Washington that had begun in April, during which the two sides were at odds over Iran’s right to enrich uranium – which Tehran defends as “inalienable”. Advertisement However, they ended when, in mid-June, Israel launched an unprecedented bombing campaign against Iran, triggering a 12-day war that the US briefly joined, with strikes on key Iranian nuclear facilities.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/surging-measles-cases-are-fire-alarm-warning-diseases-rcna246035
Article: “Its high transmissibility means that even small drops in vaccine coverage can trigger outbreaks, like a fire alarm going off when smoke is detected first.” That is, measles is often the first disease to pop up when vaccination rates overall drop. "When we see measles cases, it signals that gaps are almost certainly likely for other vaccine-preventable diseases like diphtheria or whooping cough or polio, even though they may not be setting off the fire alarm just yet," O'Brien said at a media briefing Monday, ahead of the release of the WHO's Progress Toward Measles Elimination report, published Friday in its Weekly Epidemiological Record. But vaccination rates in the United States are falling: An NBC News investigation revealed that since 2019, 77% of counties and jurisdictions have reported declines in the number of kids getting routine childhood vaccinations like the measles-mumps-rubella shots. A South Carolina Department of Public Health spokesman said the agency "expects those results in the next few weeks." Bell said that as of Tuesday, 58 cases had been reported in South Carolina, mostly in Spartanburg County in the northwest part of the state.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5616662/olive-ridley-sea-turtles-rebound-india
Article: A bright spot for turtles: Olive ridleys are recovering in India, but still at risk toggle caption Diaa Hadid/NPR VELAS, India — Little kids giddily squeal as a baby sea turtle, flippers flapping, lurches toward the water with the grace of a drunk lunging for a cab at closing time. The tourists had gathered at daybreak on an April day for the Velas Turtle Festival, on the western Indian coast, where volunteers invite visitors to watch them release baby turtles from a hatchery — like an animal pen on the sand. The slim survival rate of olive ridley sea turtles comes with other pressures that have left them listed as "vulnerable" to extinction by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, even as they inhabit a global band of tropical waters. toggle caption Diaa Hadid/NPR toggle caption Diaa Hadid/NPR toggle caption Diaa Hadid/NPR Kartik Shanker, a leading Indian sea turtle expert and author of From Soup to Superstar, says around 20 years ago, conservationists counted no more than 100,000 turtle nests across the country. The threats to olive ridleys "were significant, and if they had been allowed to continue unabated, we may have seen the crashes that we were predicting." "But when some measure of protection was put in place," he says, "these turtles, olive ridley turtles, have rebounded." During the past winter's nesting season, he says conservationists counted "about a million nests, which is crazy high." Sponsor Message Protection efforts in India include seasonal fishing bans, protected coastal zones — and events like the Velas Turtle Festival. Her friend, Madhuri Dixit (no relation to the Indian movie star with the same name), says she worries that if more tourists come, "they will make the place dirty," by throwing trash on the beach. The festival began with luck about a decade ago, says founder Mohan Upadhye, who sports a turtle tattoo emblazoned with "save me." Conservationists thought olive ridleys had disappeared from this area decades ago, but in the early 2000s, a worker from an environmental charity stumbled onto a turtle egg shell nearby. He convinced the Velas council to ban seaside construction to protect nesting sites — because some of the surviving females born on this beach will return to lay their own eggs. Olive ridleys uniquely will sometimes nest in a synchronized event known as arribada — Spanish for "arrival" — where more than a thousand turtles, sometimes tens of thousands, nest on the same beach over a period of days, including on the eastern Indian coast of Odisha. They face newer problems, like eating plastic dumped in the ocean, which Upadhye says they seem to confuse for "their favorite food — jellyfish." And Shanker, the turtle expert, worries that now that their numbers appear to be rebounding, there will be more pressure to loosen protections. You said that the ridleys were endangered, but apparently they're not." Shanker hopes more conservationists can work with local communities to profit from the turtles' rebound — whether through eco-tourism like Velas, or sustainable harvesting of turtle meat or eggs. toggle caption Diaa Hadid/NPR toggle caption Diaa Hadid/NPR toggle caption Diaa Hadid/NPR Director Taira Malaney says she made the film to show "the power of one person to be able to make an impact on such a grand scale." Bhaskar mentored other budding conservationists, creating a lineage of turtle people that reaches all the way down to Upadhye in Velas. And Upadhye hopes that among the tourists who cheer on the baby turtles crawling into the sea during the Velas Turtle Festival, there'll be people who will accept the torch he wants to pass on, of turtle conservation.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/should-you-open-a-store-card-this-black-friday-or-cyber-monday/
Article: OnePay CashRewards Card Learn More Learn More Spotlight When paired with a Walmart+ membership, you can earn up to 5% cash back at the popular big box store Credit score N/A Regular APR 20.99% or 31.49% depending on creditworthiness and other factors Annual fee $0 Welcome bonus Earn $35 cash back Terms apply. Pros & cons Up to 5% back at Walmart with a membership No annual fee No foreign transaction fees Only earns 1.5% cash back on purchases outside of Walmart Limited redemption options If you do more of your shopping at Target, the Target Circle™ Card provides 5% off in-store and online Target purchases, with the exception of gift cards and a few other similar items. Target Circle™ Card Learn More Rewards 5% discount at checkout on most purchases in-store and at Target.com Welcome bonus Save $50 on a future qualifying purchase of $50 or more when approved for a Target Circle™ Credit or Debit Card. Pros No annual fee Instant 5% discount at checkout Free two-day shipping on most items Extra 30 days for returns Cons High variable APR Small intro bonus offer Learn More View More For online shoppers, the Prime Visa (see rates and fees) earns 5% back at Amazon.com, Amazon Fresh and Whole Foods Market (with an eligible Prime membership). Prime Visa CNBC Select Rating 4.5 Learn More On Amazon's site CNBC Select Rating 4.5 Learn More On Amazon's site Credit score Good to Excellent 670–850 Regular APR 19.24% - 27.99% variable Annual fee $0 (but Prime membership is required) Welcome bonus Limited-Time Offer: Get a $250 Amazon Gift Card See rates and fees. Our expert take The Prime Visa is only available to Amazon Prime members ($139 for an annual membership and $14.99 for a monthly membership) but is very rewarding for Amazon purchases. Pros & cons High rate of return at Amazon and Whole Foods Easy-to-earn welcome bonus Requires an Amazon Prime membership If you choose the promo APR you won't earn rewards on those purchases More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. Limited-Time Offer: Get a $250 Amazon Gift Card instantly upon approval exclusively for Prime members Best Amazon Gift Card offer for Prime Visa Earn unlimited 5% back at Amazon.com, Amazon Fresh, Whole Foods Market and on Chase Travel purchases with an eligible Prime membership Prime Card Bonus: Earn 10% back or more on a rotating selection of items and categories on Amazon.com with an eligible Prime membership Earn unlimited 2% back at gas stations, restaurants, and on local transit and commuting (including rideshare) Earn unlimited 1% back on all other purchases No annual credit card fee No more waiting. Redeem daily rewards at Amazon.com as soon as the next day Member FDIC Balance transfer fee Either $5 or 4% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater For some of these cards, like the Target card, the level of rewards is "likely more than you would earn using any other card," says Rossman. This is evident as the average interest rate for store-only cards (closed-loop) is 31.64%, while the average rate for retail cards in general sits at 30.14%, according to Bankrate's 2025 Bankrate Retail Cards Study. With deferred interest, if you don't pay off the full balance by the due date, the card retroactively charges all of the interest that would have accrued, Rossman explains, making these offers much riskier. Alternative credit cards for shopping If you'd prefer credit cards that aren't tied to a specific store or want to earn stronger rates on more generalized purchases, here are a few non-store card alternatives. Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Wells Fargo's site CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Wells Fargo's site Credit score Good to Excellent 670–850 Regular APR 18.74%, 24.74%, or 28.74% Variable APR Annual fee $0 Welcome bonus Earn a $200 cash rewards bonus See rates and fees. Pros & cons High flat-rate return on purchases Intro-APR for purchases and qualifying balance transfers for a year No annual fee Cell phone protection Has a foreign transaction fee Limited redemption options unless you pair it with a Wells Fargo card that allows point transfers More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. 18.74%, 24.74%, or 28.74% variable APR thereafter; balance transfers made within 120 days qualify for the intro rate and fee of 3% then a BT fee of up to 5%, min: $5. Balance Transfer Fee 3% intro for 120 days from account opening, then up to 5%, min: $5 Foreign Transaction Fee 3% The Blue Cash Everyday® Card from American Express earns 3% back on U.S. Blue Cash Everyday® Card from American Express CNBC Select Rating Learn More On the American Express site CNBC Select Rating Learn More On the American Express site Credit score Good to Excellent Regular APR 19.74% to 28.74% Variable Annual fee $0 Welcome bonus Earn a $200 statement credit See rates and fees, terms apply. Pros & cons Up to $264 in streaming service and meal kit credits every year (subject to auto renewal) High cash-back rates in popular spending categories No annual fee The best bonus cash-back categories are capped Has a foreign transaction fee More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. Get up to a $7 monthly statement credit after using your enrolled Blue Cash Everyday® Card for a subscription purchase, including a bundle subscription purchase, at Disneyplus.com, Hulu.com, or Plus.espn.com U.S. Foreign transaction fee 2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars If you're looking for an option that's more available to those with lower credit, the Capital One Quicksilver Secured Credit Card earns 1.5% cash back on all purchases. Its rewards rate is slightly lower than the Wells Fargo card's 2% cash rewards rate, but the Quicksilver Secured is available to those with limited to fair credit, as long as you can make at least a $200 deposit. Capital One Quicksilver Secured Credit Card CNBC Select Rating 4.3 Learn More CNBC Select Rating 4.3 Learn More Credit score Limited to Fair None–670 Regular APR 29.74% variable APR Annual fee $0 Welcome bonus None Terms apply. Information about the Capital One Quicksilver Secured Credit Card has been collected independently by Select and has not been reviewed or provided by the issuer of the card prior to publication. Pros & cons Simple rewards structure with no caps or categories to track Available if you have fair credit High APR Has an annual fee More details Rewards Earn unlimited 5% cash back on hotels, vacation rentals and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase, every day Balance transfer fee $0 at the Transfer APR, 4% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR that Capital One may offer to you FAQs What is Comenity Bank? While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/11/28/pope-leo-xiv-begins-turkiye-visit-with-prayers-and-unity-message?traffic_source=rss
Article: Shouts of “Papa Leo” and “Viva il Papa” (Long live the pope ) have reverberated throughout Istanbul’s Cathedral of the Holy Spirit, accompanied by enthusiastic cheering and applause, as Pope Leo XIV arrived to commence his first trip in Turkiye. He will mark the 1,700th anniversary of a pivotal moment in Christianity: the 325 AD Council of Nicaea, where bishops formulated the Nicene Creed, a declaration of faith still recited by millions of Christians worldwide. Nevertheless, the Nicene Creed continues to be embraced by Catholic, Orthodox and most traditional Protestant denominations, serving as a rare point of consensus and the most universally accepted creed in Christendom. “The significant presence of migrants and refugees in this country presents the church with the challenge of welcoming and serving some of the most vulnerable.” His message resonated strongly with the diverse crowd gathered outside, which reflected the multinational character of Turkiye’s Catholic Church.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/venezuela-explained-in-10-maps-and-charts?traffic_source=rss
Article: The US designation comes after continued US interceptions of boats in the Caribbean and eastern Pacific and the recent arrival of the Gerald R Ford Carrier Strike Group in the Caribbean this month. The US says the military build-up is targeting drug trafficking, but Caracas accuses Washington of using it as a pretext for “imperialist” plans to topple Maduro’s administration – a view echoed by some analysts. Here are 10 charts to help explain how Venezuela reached this point: Venezuela at a glance Venezuela is home to about 28.4 million people, making it the 53rd most populous country in the world. This is much higher than in many Western nations, where fertility rates are far below the replacement rate of 2.1, the number of children a woman must have if a population is to remain at current levels. Its landscape is made up of mountains, namely the Andes to the west and the Montanoso coastal range to the north and east; tropical jungles, including the Amazon rainforest; river plains; and coastal plains. Since the end of military rule in 1958, alternating governments have taken power in the country, largely led by two major parties, Democratic Action, a social democratic party, and the Christian democratic COPEI party. In addition to crude oil, Venezuela exports smaller volumes of refined petroleum products, such as petrol and diesel, but its potential to increase these is limited due to ageing refinery infrastructure, technical challenges and sanctions. The Center for Strategic and International Studies said the economic crisis has been “driven by devastating policies and a kleptocracy that has characterised the political landscape during the last 20 years”. US attacks in the Caribbean The US military has carried out at least 21 deadly strikes on vessels off Venezuela’s coast, in the Caribbean Sea and the eastern Pacific Ocean since September 2, marking the most intense American military activity in Latin America since the US invasion of Panama in 1989. The strikes, conducted under the authority of the US Southern Command, have killed at least 83 people, according to statements by US President Donald Trump and senior US defence officials. Most of the attacks occurred close to the Venezuelan coast and in international waters, raising questions about the legality of the US use of force, especially when no imminent threat was present. However, data from the UN Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) show that most cocaine is not produced in Venezuela and the country plays a minor role in the drugs trade, mostly as a transit route.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/28/indias-olympic-ambition-in-spotlight-as-commonwealth-games-build-up-begins?traffic_source=rss
Article: Organisers are confident they can avoid the calamities of last time when India hosts the Commonwealth Games, but there are many challenges for a country that also has Olympic ambitions. It is seen in India as a stepping stone towards the goal of hosting the 2036 Olympics, and authorities hope it will establish the world’s most populous nation as a sporting destination. India’s national auditor accused the Delhi government of wasteful spending to the tune of at least $29m during its “ill-conceived and ill-planned” programme to beautify the city in the run-up to the Games. A report by the Comptroller and Auditor General also listed several examples of alleged rigged bidding for lucrative contracts to supply timekeeping equipment and lighting fixtures for the glitzy opening ceremony and catering services. But he also added a note of caution: “We don’t want to overcommit on anything, and would rather learn from the past editions of the Games elsewhere in the world.”

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/trump-pause-migration-third-world-countries-national-guard-shooting-dc-rcna246299
Article: President Donald Trump has said he will "permanently pause" all immigration from what he called "third world countries" and demanded a program of "reverse migration" as he intensified his rhetoric after the National Guard shooting in Washington, D.C. Trump offered few details as he disparaged and vowed to remove millions of migrants in the U.S., in a lengthy social media post late on Thanksgiving that came hours after he confirmed the death of National Guard troop Sarah Beckstrom, 20, in the shooting. The incident has served as a catalyst for Trump to escalate his anti-immigrant rhetoric into pledges that would likely face court challenges if enacted and further undermine America's global standing as a nation welcoming to immigrants. system to fully recover, terminate all of the millions of Biden illegal admissions, including those signed by Sleepy Joe Biden’s Autopen, and remove anyone who is not a net asset to the United States," Trump wrote on Truth Social. The president also threatened to "end all federal benefits and subsidies to noncitizens of our country" and to "denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic security." In remarks that will cause alarm among migrant advocacy and civil liberties groups, Trump said the government would deport any foreign national who was "non-compatible with Western Civilization." He added: "Only REVERSE MIGRATION can fully cure this situation." The Trump administration also said Thursday that the government would reexamine the status of Green Card holders from 19 countries "of concern," including Afghanistan. In a subsequent post, Trump said that "hundreds of thousands" of Somali migrants were "completely taking over the once great state of Minnesota." Trump has previously threatened action against Somalis and last week said he would end temporary protective status — which prevents deportations to dangerous countries — for Somali migrants in Minnesota, many of whom have fled a brutal civil war in the east African country. "Using this horrific attack as an excuse to smear and punish every Afghan, every refugee, or every immigrant rips at something very basic in our Constitution and many faiths: the idea that guilt is personal, not inherited or collective," the Council on American-Islamic Relations said in a statement early Friday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpwk2p0d94xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: What we know about shooting of National Guard in Washington DC 1 hour ago Share Save Ana Faguy Washington Share Save Watch: How the shooting of two National Guard members unfolded Two members of the National Guard were shot and seriously wounded on Wednesday just blocks from the White House in Washington DC. Just after 14:00 EST (19:00 GMT) on Wednesday, two members of the National Guard, both from West Virginia, were shot at close range near Farragut Square in downtown Washington DC. The location of the shooting, just blocks from the White House, meant a number of law enforcement officials were quickly on the scene to treat the two victims and apprehend the gunman.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgj85x380do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Reeves had vowed to introduce the lowest taxes since 1991 for pubs, restaurants and small shops by increasing the levy on higher-value properties such as warehouses used by Amazon and other online giants. Phil Thorley, who runs the Thorley Taverns pub group, said business rates - a tax on commerical properties - will rise for 17 of his 18 sites, despite Rachel Reeves promising lower taxes for retail, leisure and hospitality firms. Analysis by tax advisory firm Ryan suggested the average small shop will see its business rates bill increase by 42%, restaurants will face a 45% jump and bills for pubs will be 66% higher. The government said it will calculate business rates for 750,000 High Street retail and hospitality firms using a lower percentage of the rateable value of premises, but this lower tax rate was not as generous as expected. "A further £62,000 worth of costs onto the business, which is absolutely at its knees at the moment." He said the industry was already under significant pressure following the chancellor's first Budget last October, which pushed up hiring costs with a hike in employer national insurance contributions and the minimum wage. A Treasury spokesperson said: "This comes on top of cutting the cost of licensing to help more offer pavement drinks and al fresco dining, keeping our cut to alcohol duty on draught pints and capping corporation tax." But Elaine Wrigley, the owner of Atlas Bar in Manchester, said Reeves' latest Budget was "smoke and mirrors". She added: "We've put our prices up four times in the last 12 months, but we're at a point now where we feel like we can't put any more on to our customers, so subsequently our margins are being reduced and being squeezed which is not helpful." And Sacha Lord, chairman of the Night Time Industries Association (NTIA) said the business rates changes amount to a "stealth tax" on High Street pubs, restaurants and bars.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/28/national-guard-rahmanullah-lakanwal-shooting-suspect/
Article: The man suspected of shooting two National Guard members near the White House this week — one of them fatally — is an Afghan national who came to the United States in September 2021 because of his work with the U.S. Rahmanullah Lakanwal, 29, who officials say drove across the country to carry out Wednesday’s attack, was detained moments after opening fire on Sarah Beckstrom, 20, an Army specialist from West Virginia, and Air Force Staff Sgt. The Zero Units were involved in anti-terror raids The Zero Units, also known as National Strike Units, were involved in dangerous and often deadly night raids and other missions to kill or capture members of the Taliban, al-Qaeda, the Islamic State and other terrorist groups. The CIA has never publicly acknowledged its work with the Zero Units, which have been shadowed by allegations of human rights violations, including a 2019 Human Rights Watch report that found they had conducted summary executions and other abuses. Lakanwal and other Afghan paramilitary members would have undergone extensive vetting before joining the Zero Units and were supposed to be monitored closely once in service, people familiar with the matter said. officials have said the Zero Units were effective fighters and that they played a critical role in assisting with the chaotic American evacuation from Afghanistan in late August 2021, probably saving U.S. Lakanwal was described as a polite neighbor Neighbors interviewed Thursday in Bellingham, which is in the far northwest corner of Washington state, said that Lakanwal had lived with his wife and five children in a second-floor unit in the apartment building for about a year. Citizenship and Immigration Services said the government has stopped processing all immigration requests for Afghan nationals “pending further review of security and vetting protocols.” The Alliance of Afghan Communities in the United States, a network of advocacy groups representing Afghans in the United States, condemned the shooting while also asking the Trump administration to punish the perpetrator rather than the community as a whole. In the statement, the group’s members wrote that the shooting represented “a Single Individual Not the Afghan Nation” and said they stand in “deep solidarity with the American people during this painful and tragic moment.” “We urge the American public not to judge thousands of innocent Afghans based on the actions of a single person,” the group said. “This was an individual act of moral deviation, not the reflection of a nation.” “During my service in Afghanistan, every day we lived, ate and fought with some incredible Afghan patriots who saw the U.S.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/28/chicago-illinois-cashless-bail-trump/
Article: CHICAGO — A horrific attack on a woman riding a commuter train this month is reviving President Trump’s strong opposition to cashless bail, once again pitting the White House against liberal-leaning states and cities that have embraced criminal justice reform. According to Chicago police, a repeat offender who was awaiting trial for an unrelated attack set a woman on fire as she rode a Chicago Transit Authority train downtown on Nov. At least 15 of those arrests were since 2016, with the most recent occurring in August, when Reed was charged with aggravated battery for allegedly slapping a social worker while he was being treated as a psychiatric patient at a local hospital. In the wake of the attack, Trump is stepping up the administration’s opposition to no-cash bail policies that are designed to prevent the jailing of low-income criminal defendants who cannot afford to pay the bail a judge has set. At the annual White House turkey pardon this week, Trump blamed Democrats for the attack on MaGee and repeated his claims that crime — which is down in Chicago and many other parts of the country — was “out of control.” In a statement later in the day, the White House amplified its criticism of Illinois Gov. The governor said he stands by his state’s policies on bail, saying “they are designed to give elected judges the ability to keep people in jail who they believe are dangerous.” “It’s a better way, by the way, than bail, because bail is sort of an automatic out for people who just happen to have enough money, and an automatic incarceration for somebody who happens not to have enough money,” Pritzker said. Illinois was an early leader in the movement, adopting a far-reaching bail reform law in 2021, shortly after racial justice protests swept the nation in response to the police killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis. “This administration tends to use tragic anecdotes to further its policy goals and ignores other data that doesn’t fit that, and that is what we see here,” said Ed Yohnka, communications director for the ACLU of Illinois. It’s just to score political points.” The White House message mirrors its effort this year to target Democrats in Charlotte after Iryna Zarutska, a Ukrainian refugee, was brutally stabbed to death on a commuter train in Charlotte. The White House said the suspect in that case had been freed by “woke policies” after an earlier arrest, even though that charge was a misdemeanor that does not normally carry a prison sentence. The 13-page complaint described MaGee as “almost fully engulfed in flames” after Reed allegedly approached her, poured liquid onto her head and body, chased her and set her on fire. As officers were taking Reed to a district station for questioning, the complaint said, he allegedly yelled unprompted, “burn, b---- and “burn alive, b----.” Reed is charged with committing a terrorist attack against a mass transportation system, an offense that carries a maximum sentence of life in prison. Since his arrest, Reed has not had an attorney; he repeatedly refused to speak with the federal public defenders who have come to court ready to intervene on his behalf, according to court documents. “It could not protect the victim or the community from another vicious, random, and spontaneous attack.” But Molina-Gonzalez ruled that prosecutors had not entirely met their burden for denying Reed pretrial release and sent him home on electronic monitoring. Evans, said it was “deeply concerned” for MaGee and takes the matter seriously, though it is prohibited by the state judicial code of conduct from commenting on specific facts of Reed’s case now that it is in federal court. Cook County State’s Attorney Eileen O’Neill Burke expressed frustration with the judge’s decision to release Reed in a post on X on Tuesday, writing that the crime against MaGee was “heartbreaking” but did not come out of nowhere. “The judge denied our request.” The White House has been targeting cashless bail policies at least since August, when it issued an executive order seeking to withdraw federal funding for states and cities that have adopted the practice. The order directs the attorney general to develop a list of places that “substantially eliminated cash bail as a potential condition of pretrial release from custody for crimes that pose a clear threat to public safety and order, including offenses involving violent, sexual, or indecent acts, or burglary, looting, or vandalism.” But advocates for criminal justice reform maintain that states and cities generally have the power to implement their own form of justice. “The thing about the American criminal justice system is that, because of federalism, there is not one overarching policy that governs the criminal justice system,” said Jeremy Cherson, director of communications at The Bail Project, a Los Angeles-based organizations that advocates for no-cash bail. “The federal government has some influence over those things, but they can’t dictate what this looks like.” Last year, the Brennan Center released a report that found cashless policies in 33 cities did not have any impact on crime rates. Cherson accused the Trump administration of using bail reform as a “cudgel and scapegoat for spurious claims that crime is increasing.” “They look at sensational news stories and they say, this is what is causing our cities to be in crisis,” Cherson said. “But the reality is crime rates are down in most places.” Instead of attacking bail policies, Cherson and Yohnka both suggested that additional resources for housing and mental health support are needed to try to prevent further violence.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/world-shares-mixed-holiday-thinned-trading-wall-street-127938409
Article: World shares are mixed in holiday-thinned trading as tech stocks slipped after a recent rebound lost steam World shares are mixed in holiday-thinned trading with Wall Street closed for Thanksgiving Currency traders watch monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) Currency traders watch monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) MANILA, Philippines -- World shares were mixed Friday in holiday-thinned trading as tech stocks slipped as a recent rebound driven by hopes for an interest rate cut by the Federal Reserve lost steam.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pope-leo-xiv-receives-enthusiastic-turkeys-catholics-opens-127939413
Article: Pope Leo XIV receives enthusiastic welcome from Turkey's Catholics as he opens key day in first trip By NICOLE WINFIELD Associated Press , ANDREW WILKS Associated Press , and TRISHA THOMAS Associated Press Pope Leo XIV arrives for a meeting with the clergy at the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit, in Istanbul, Turkey, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Domenico Stinellis) ISTANBUL, Turkey -- ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) — Pope Leo XIV encouraged Turkey's tiny Catholic community on Friday to find strength in its small size as he opened the key day of his first papal trip that is meant to bolster Christians and pursue their centuries-old quest for unity. Shouts of “Papa Leo” and “Viva il Papa” (Long Live the pope) erupted, along with cheering and clapping, inside and outside Istanbul’s Cathedral of the Holy Spirit as Leo arrived to begin his first full day in Turkey. He will commemorate the 1,700th anniversary of one of the most important moments in Christianity — the AD 325 gathering of bishops that produced the Nicaean Creed, a statement of faith that millions of Christians still recite today. As a result, celebrating its origins at the site of its creation with the spiritual leaders of the Catholic and Orthodox churches and other Christian representatives marked a historic moment in the centuries-old quest to re-unite all Christians. Speaking at the cathedral, Leo said the creed wasn't merely a doctrinal formula, but the “essential core of the Christian faith." “Therefore, its development is organic, akin to that of a living reality, gradually bringing to light and expressing more fully the essential heart of the faith,” he said. Christians are a minority in predominantly Sunni Muslim Turkey, and ahead of the prayer in Iznik, around 20 members of a small Turkish Islamic party staged a brief protest, saying the encounter posed a threat to Turkey’s sovereignty and national identity. Under a heavy police presence, Mehmet Kaygusuz, a member of the New Welfare Party, read a statement denouncing what he said were efforts to establish a “Vatican-like Greek Orthodox state” in Turkey. “The significant presence of migrants and refugees in this country presents the church with the challenge of welcoming and serving some of the most vulnerable.” It was a message that resonated with the crowd outside, which reflected the multinational face of the Catholic Church in Turkey.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hondurans-elect-new-president-congress-candidates-fan-electoral-127938500
Article: Honduras’ homicide and unemployment rates have both improved during the past four years under outgoing President Xiomara Castro Hondurans to elect new president and Congress even as candidates fan electoral doubt TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras -- Amanda Durón García supports herself and her 74-year-old mother with the roughly $7 she earns daily selling soft drinks, chips and gum on the campus of Honduras’ national university. Her four adult children are married and out of the house, but every day is a struggle for the 57-year-old Durón, and she has little faith that the winner of Sunday’s presidential election will generate tangible changes in her life. The homicide and unemployment rates have both improved during the past four years under outgoing President Xiomara Castro — even the International Monetary Fund applauded her administration’s fiscal responsibility — but whether voters will reward Castro’s handpicked successor, Rixi Moncada, from the democratic socialist Libre party for that incremental progress remains an open question. “The politicians only want to take power to get rich; the people are the least important for them.” After 12 years of the conservative National party, whose last president Juan Orlando Hernández is serving a prison sentence in the U.S., and now four years of Castro’s democratic socialist Libre, Hondurans have tried both ends of the political spectrum and neither has satisfied their basic demands for jobs and safety. In addition to Moncada, 60, who served as Castro’s finance and later defense secretary before leaving to run for president, polls indicate two other candidates have a chance to win Sunday when Hondurans will also elect a new Congress. After irregularities were reported during a test run of the preliminary election results system earlier this month, which allows electoral authorities to present preliminary results within hours of polls closing, Moncada said she would not recognize them. The Organization of American States electoral observation mission in Honduras said earlier this month that it “has also observed actions and statements, practically daily, that generate uncertainty and destabilize the electoral process.” “They’ve all talked about fraud,” said Ana María Méndez Dardón, director for Central America at the nongovernmental human rights-focused Washington Office on Latin America. “They create more uncertainty in the environment when we see a political class that resists subjecting itself to popular will, but also to the work of electoral institutions.” Castro took office in January 2022, with high expectations as Honduras’ first woman to be elected president and a radical departure from Hernández’s thoroughly discredited National party. Last year, Honduras recorded its lowest homicide rate in 30 years — it had been declining before she entered office and is still the highest in Central America — but what that is attributable to is hotly debated. Tiziano Breda, senior analyst for Latin America and the Caribbean at the conflict monitor ACLED, said the gangs were displaced and “adapted to this new reality.” Their violence became less public and as homicides fell, forced disappearances rose, he said. Migdonia Ayestas, director of the National Violence Observatory, a nongovernmental organization tracking Honduras’ violence, said the state of emergency is unnecessary, in part because it generates its own civil rights violations. On Wednesday, Deputy Secretary of State Christopher Landau told the Organization of American States that “events leading up to these Honduran elections deeply concern me; it appears Honduras is already in crisis. Members of the National Electoral Council have been chilled by the threats; the armed forces have been rumbling.” He has repeatedly expressed concern that the election’s legitimacy is being undermined. President Donald Trump was unambiguous on what he wants to see, writing on social media Wednesday his endorsement of Asfura while linking Moncada to Fidel Castro and describing Nasralla as a “borderline Communist.” “The only real friend of Freedom in Honduras is Tito Asfura,” Trump wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hungarys-viktor-orbn-meets-russias-vladimir-putin-moscow-127939606
Article: FILE - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban speaks during the inauguration of the new production plant of Flex, the Flex Zala Automotive Next Gen Mobility plant in Zalaegerszeg, southwestern Hungary, Nov. (Tibor Illyes/MTI via AP, File) FILE - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban speaks during the inauguration of the new production plant of Flex, the Flex Zala Automotive Next Gen Mobility plant in Zalaegerszeg, southwestern Hungary, Nov. (Tibor Illyes/MTI via AP, File) Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán met Russian President Vladimir Putin for talks at the Kremlin on Friday, a rare step from a European leader as Russia’s almost four-year war rages in Ukraine. In comments to state media before departing for Moscow early Friday, Orbán said the focus of his talks with Putin would be Hungary’s continued access to "cheap Russian oil and gas,” resources that have come under sanctions by the U.S. Hungary is one of only a few EU countries to continue importing large quantities of Russian fossil fuels, and has strongly opposed efforts by the bloc to wean its 27 member nations off Russian energy supplies. President Donald Trump and succeeded in securing an exemption to sanctions the Trump administration placed on Russian energy companies Lukoil and Rosneft — an allowance Orbán said ensured Hungary’s continued energy security. I am going there to ensure Hungary’s energy supply at an affordable price both this winter and next year.” Orbán has long argued Russian energy imports are indispensable for his country’s economy, and that switching to fossil fuels sourced from elsewhere would cause an immediate economic collapse — a claim some critics dispute. As the rest of Europe has gradually cut off Russian energy, Hungary has maintained and even increased its imports, and argued against an EU plan to eliminate all Russian fossil fuels by the end of 2027. The Trump administration has said it is seeing signs that its sanctions on major Russian oil producers are crimping the economic engine that has allowed Moscow to continue to fund its war in Ukraine. Trump said Tuesday that his plan to end the war had been “fine-tuned”, and that he’s sending envoy Steve Witkoff to Russia to meet with Putin and Army Secretary Dan Driscoll to meet with Ukrainian officials. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov on Friday refused to announce a date for Witkoff's visit, saying only that the Kremlin will announce it “in due time.” He said that the “main parameters” of the peace plan, revised during Ukraine-U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/military-run-myanmar-plays-host-goodwill-visit-belarusian-127938679
Article: Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko has arrived in Myanmar on a goodwill visit, becoming only the second foreign leader to visit the Southeast Asian country since it came under military rule in 2021 FILE - Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko attends a meeting of the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council on the sidelines of the Eurasian Economic Forum in Minsk, Belarus, June 27, 2025. (Alexander Kazakov, Sputnik, Kremlin/Pool Photo via AP, File) FILE - Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko attends a meeting of the Supreme Eurasian Economic Council on the sidelines of the Eurasian Economic Forum in Minsk, Belarus, June 27, 2025. (Alexander Kazakov, Sputnik, Kremlin/Pool Photo via AP, File) BANGKOK -- Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko arrived in Myanmar on a goodwill visit, state media there reported Friday, becoming only the second foreign leader to visit the Southeast Asian country since it came under military rule in 2021. Myanmar’s military government has been shunned and sanctioned by many Western nations for ousting the elected government of Aung San Suu Kyi in February 2021, and for committing major human rights violations in trying to crush the resistance to army rule that arose after the takeover. The only other foreign leader to visit Myanmar since 2021 was Cambodia’s then-Prime Minister Hun Sen, in his capacity as chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in 2022. A report in the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper said Lukashenko’s Thursday night arrival at the military airport in the capital Naypyitaw saw him welcomed by Myanmar’s Prime Minister Nyo Saw and other Cabinet members with full state honors and cultural performers. The report said Lukashenko will meet with Min Aung Hlaing to discuss strengthening friendship and cooperation across various sectors, with agreements and memorandums of understanding between the two countries to be signed during the visit. Justice For Myanmar, a rights advocacy group that seeks to expose the financial underpinning of the military, said in a statement released Thursday that Belarus has provided Myanmar’s military with arms, equipment and training that builds the army’s technical capacity and its domestic arms industry.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/courts-ruling-same-sex-marriage-sets-japan-supreme-127939412
Article: A court has found Japan’s refusal to legalize same-sex marriage constitutional in the last of six cases likely to be brought to the Supreme Court for a final ruling People gather outside a high court before its ruling on same-sex marriage in Tokyo, Friday, Nov. (Miki Matsuzaki/Kyodo News via AP) TOKYO -- A court found Japan's refusal to legalize same-sex marriage was constitutional Friday in the last of six cases that are expected to be brought to the Supreme Court for a final and definitive ruling, possibly next year. The Tokyo High Court said marriage under the law is largely expected to be a union between men and women in a decision that reversed a lower court ruling last year and was the first loss at high courts in the six cases brought by those seeking equal marriage rights. Japan is the only member of the Group of Seven industrialized countries that does not recognize same-sex marriage or provide any other form of legally binding protection for LGBTQ+ couples.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/icc-judges-reject-request-release-duterte-custody-127937471
Article: Former Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte is to remain in detention at the International Criminal Court FILE - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte addresses the troops during the 82nd anniversary celebration of the Armed Forces of the Philippines in suburban Quezon city northeast of Manila, Philippines on Dec. (AP Photo/Bullit Marquez, File) FILE - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte addresses the troops during the 82nd anniversary celebration of the Armed Forces of the Philippines in suburban Quezon city northeast of Manila, Philippines on Dec. (AP Photo/Bullit Marquez, File) THE HAGUE, Netherlands -- Former Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will remain in detention at the International Criminal Court after appeals judges on Friday rejected a request to release him on health grounds. According to court filings, Duterte instructed and authorized “violent acts including murder to be committed against alleged criminals, including alleged drug dealers and users.” The charges against him date from Nov. Countries can’t abuse their right to withdraw from the Rome Statute, the court's founding document, “by shielding persons from justice in relation to alleged crimes that are already under consideration,” judges wrote in the October ruling. The Duterte administration moved to suspend the global court’s investigation before, arguing in late 2021 that Philippine authorities were already looking into the same allegations and the ICC — a court of last resort — therefore didn’t have jurisdiction.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/kenyan-court-declares-law-banning-seed-sharing-unconstitutional-127939884
Article: A high court in Kenya has declared unconstitutional sections of a seed law that prevented farmers from sharing and selling indigenous seeds in what food campaigners have called a landmark win for food security KISUMU, Kenya -- A high court in Kenya on Thursday declared unconstitutional sections of a seed law that prevented farmers from sharing and selling indigenous seeds in what food campaigners have called a landmark win for food security. Farmers in Kenya could face up to two years’ imprisonment and a fine of 1 million Kenya shillings ($7,700) for sharing seeds through their community seed banks, according to a seed law signed in 2012. Elizabeth Atieno, a food campaigner at Greenpeace Africa, called the win a “victory for our culture, our resilience, and our future.” “By validating indigenous seeds, the court has struck a blow against the corporate capture of our food system. Kenya has a national seed bank based near the capital Nairobi where indigenous seeds are stored in cold rooms, but farmers say community seed banks are equally important for variety and proximity to the farmer.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/federal-ban-threatening-market-thc-infused-drinks-snacks-127937944
Article: THC-infused drinks and snacks have soared in popularity as alcohol sales have declined in recent years Here's what to know about the federal ban threatening the market for THC-infused drinks and snacks Cans of seltzer containing THC, the active ingredient in marijuana, speed down the canning line at Indeed Brewing in Minneapolis on Thursday, Nov. That has given the industry hope that there is still time to pass regulations that will improve the hemp THC industry — such as by banning synthetically derived THC, requiring age restrictions on sales, and prohibiting marketing to children — rather than eradicate it. “If they really thought there was a health emergency, there would be no year-long period.” The federal ban would jeopardize more than 300,000 jobs while costing states $1.5 billion in lost tax money, the group says.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/apartment-tower-fire-hong-kong-127937373
Article: Hong Kong firefighters are making a final push to find victims from the city's worst fire in memory What to know about the apartment tower fire in Hong Kong By CHAN HO-HIM Associated Press and ELAINE KURTENBACH Associated Press Burned buildings are seen at the scene of the fire that started Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) Burned buildings are seen at the scene of the fire that started Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Hong Kong firefighters were making a final push to try and find victims and any possible survivors from the city's worst fire in memory, going apartment-to-apartment in the high-rise complex in an exhaustive search. Firefighters struggled to bring the blaze under control as their ladders and hoses could only reach just over halfway up the 32-story buildings, or about 53 meters (174 feet) — under 20 stories. Hong Kong leader John Lee said the government would set up a task force to investigate the fire and the case would be submitted to the Coroner’s Court, which conducts inquiries into the causes and circumstances of certain deaths.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/world-shares-mixed-holiday-thinned-trading-wall-street-127938410
Article: World shares are mixed in holiday-thinned trading as tech stocks slipped after a recent rebound lost steam World shares are mixed in holiday-thinned trading with Wall Street closed for Thanksgiving Currency traders watch monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) Currency traders watch monitors near a screen showing the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) at the foreign exchange dealing room of the Hana Bank headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon) MANILA, Philippines -- World shares were mixed Friday in holiday-thinned trading as tech stocks slipped as a recent rebound driven by hopes for an interest rate cut by the Federal Reserve lost steam.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/russian-drones-targeting-civilians-turning-ukrainian-city-human-127938227
Article: Ukrainians in the southern city of Kherson live in constant fear of Russian drone attacks A car drives on a road covered with an anti-FPV-drone net, a road sign reading "Attention/Danger/Enemy drones", at the approaches to the frontline city of Kherson, Southern Ukraine, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky) A car drives on a road covered with an anti-FPV-drone net, a road sign reading "Attention/Danger/Enemy drones", at the approaches to the frontline city of Kherson, Southern Ukraine, Sunday, Nov. After living through the occupation, refusing to cooperate with Russian forces and hiding from them, Horlova, like so many other residents, found that even after her town was liberated in 2022, the ordeal didn't end. In an October report, the commission said that the attacks have repeatedly killed and wounded civilians, destroyed homes and forced thousands to flee, concluding that they amount to the crimes against humanity of murder and forcible transfer. Then it would be easier for us.” Horlova lives in Komyshany, a village just outside Kherson and only 4 kilometers (2½ miles) from the Dnipro River, where the level of intense attacks has remained the same, despite Ukrainian forces retaking the city from Russian occupation in November 2022 — about nine months after Russia launched its full-scale invasion on Feb. “It’s gotten to the point where they even drop them on animals — cows, goats.” She believes that civilians are hunted as “revenge” for the celebrations that broke out when Kherson was liberated. The report from the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Ukraine says the attacks have spread terror among civilians and violated their right to life and other fundamental human rights. commission said that it examined Russian claims that Ukrainian forces had launched drone attacks on civilians in occupied areas, unable to conclude its investigation because it lacked access to the territory, couldn't ensure witness safety and didn't receive answers from Russian authorities. The commander of the 310th Battalion, which protects the skies over 470 kilometers (nearly 300 miles) of southern Ukraine, including Kherson, says at least 300 drones fly toward the city every day. Despite the sheer volume of drones — a figure that excludes other types of weapons like artillery and glide bombs — his forces manage to neutralize more than 90%, he said. During a surprise visit to Kherson in November, Angelina Jolie described the constant overhead threat as “a heavy presence.” “There was a moment when we had to pause and wait while a drone flew overhead,” she wrote on Instagram. The families here live with this every single day.” At one of Kherson’s main hospitals treating drone victims, 70-year-old Nataliia Naumova is recovering after a strike by a Shahed drone, which carries a heavier explosive than FPV drones, left her with a blast injury to her left leg on Oct. “It all happened in less than 10 minutes.” For people in Kherson, the experience of occupation, and the moment the city was freed, still shapes how they endure the constant drone attacks.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/visit-somalias-crumbling-hospitals-shows-toll-aid-cuts-127937190
Article: Somalia is one of the world’s poorest countries and it faces a crisis of health care made worse by the Trump administration's deep cuts in foreign aid A visit to Somalia's crumbling hospitals shows the toll of aid cuts and war By RODNEY MUHUMUZA Associated Press and OMAR FARUK Associated Press A mother sits with her malnourished baby at Banadir Hospital in Mogadishu, Somalia, Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Farah Abdi Warsameh) MOGADISHU, Somalia -- To save the life of his badly malnourished 3-year-old son, farmer Yusuf Bulle had to travel from a remote area of southern Somalia to the capital, Mogadishu, where a rare health unit presented the only hope. cuts led to over 6,000 health workers losing their jobs while up to 2,000 health facilities were affected — a massive hit in a country that the Center for Global Development this year said was among the world's most likely to suffer as donors draw back. Bomb and gun attacks by the militants — including against health centers — have reduced in frequency and intensity in recent months, leading some to see success in President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud’s “total war” against al-Shabab. Even with major setbacks in overall foreign support this year, including from other key benefactors such as Britain, “security remains the first priority” for Somali authorities, Wasuge told the AP. “I hope, even if (the humanitarian groups) left, the Ministry of Health will replace their position.” Bulaale, the deputy health minister, said the government is working with some partners in "developing a contingency plan” after the loss of USAID funding. “They don’t get direct government budget that allows them to provide better health care services.” The Banadir and De Martino hospitals are where the most needy people are referred for care. Mohamed Adam Dini, who represents Somalia's Puntland state in the national assembly, described the federal government’s priorities as “deficient” because of its overwhelming focus on ending “anarchy." “A lot of diseases have been spreading” unchecked, Dini said, adding: ”There is no national health care plan, as we don’t have a national political plan.” ___ For more on Africa and development: https://apnews.com/hub/africa-pulse The Associated Press receives financial support for global health and development coverage in Africa from the Gates Foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/epic-tales-star-power-tollywood-reshaping-indian-cinema-127939986
Article: As Mumbai is to Hindi films — or Bollywood — the southern Indian city of Hyderabad is to movies made in Telugu, one of the country’s most widely spoken languages. The 1,666-acre (674-hectare) facility, recognized by Guinness World Records as the world’s largest film studio complex, houses massive film studio complexes, dozens of production houses, warehouses, movie sets and post-production facilities. “Because they are cinema lovers, be it ‘Baahubali,’ ‘Pushpa’ or ‘RRR,’ be it big budget or small budget, be it realistic or biopics or fantasy movies, the audiences accept it.” Tollywood is known for its high-energy storytelling, big action set pieces and grand spectacle that are heavy on visual effects. Dubbing — where actors record voice-overs in Hindi or a professional voice artist replaces the track — is also a standard and tested practice that has made Tollywood more accessible. His two-part “Baahubali” series, released in 2015 and 2017, broke box-office records in India and a reedited version combining the two parts, “Baahubali: The Epic,” released in cinemas worldwide just last month. Even though the industry is largely controlled by some regionally influential film families and businessmen that have power over movie distribution and screenings, huge marketing campaigns have carried Telugu films across India and beyond. Dubbed releases, remakes in other Indian languages and talent collaborations across other regional industries have further positioned Tollywood releases as national events, with stars often raking money from profit-sharing arrangements and brand endorsements as well. — “Pushpa: The Rise” (2021) and “Pushpa 2: The Rule” (2024): A two-part action flick directed by Bandreddi Sukumar that follows the rise of laborer in a violent red-sandalwood smuggling syndicate.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/pope-orthodox-leader-mark-christian-milestone-in-historic-turkiye-meeting?traffic_source=rss
Article: Pope Leo XIV is set to join the leader of the world’s Orthodox Christians to celebrate the historic 1,700-year milestone since one of the early Church’s most important gatherings, on the second day of his visit to Turkiye. The first American pope has chosen the Muslim-majority Turkiye as his first overseas destination, to be followed by Lebanon in the coming days, as he seeks to be a bridge-builder and a messenger of peace amid raging global conflict. Pilgrims packed into Holy Spirit church while dozens more waited excitedly in the courtyard outside in the hope of getting a glimpse of the pontiff, getting up before dawn to be in the front line. Catherine Bermudez, a Filipino migrant worker in Istanbul, told Al Jazeera that she was “very excited” to be chosen as one of the parishioners to greet the pope inside the church. Visibly moved by his reception at the church, Leo could be seen smiling and looking much more at ease than on Thursday, encouraging his flock not to be discouraged, saying “the logic of littleness is the church’s true strength”. Advertisement “The church in Turkiye is a small community, yet fruitful,” he said in his address, urging them to give “special attention” to helping migrants and refugees staying in Turkiye who number nearly three million, most of them Syrians. Next papal stop in Iznik Later on Friday, the 70-year-old pontiff will head to Iznik to celebrate the 1,700th anniversary of the First Council of Nicaea, a gathering of bishops who drew up a foundational statement of faith still central to Christianity today despite the separation of the Catholic and Orthodox churches. Leo will be flown by helicopter to Iznik where he has been invited by the Patriarch Bartholomew I of Constantinople, leader of the world’s Orthodox Christians, to join an ecumenical prayer service by the ruins of a fourth-century basilica. Agca – who was released from prison in 2010 – said he had hoped to meet the pope, telling reporters that “I hope we can sit down and talk in Iznik, or in Istanbul, for two or three minutes.” Pope Leo is the fifth pontiff to visit Turkiye, after Paul VI in 1967, John Paul II in 1979, Benedict XVI in 2006 and Francis in 2014.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5623879/israeli-forces-kill-at-least-10-syria-raid
Article: Israeli forces kill at least 10 in southern Syria raid, officials and residents say toggle caption AP/AP DAMASCUS, Syria — Israeli forces in southern Syria raided a village and opened fire when they were confronted by residents on Friday, killing at least 10, Syrian officials said, as Israel fights on a number of fronts while the shaky ceasefire in Gaza moves forward. In a previous raid on Beit Jin in June, Israeli forces captured several people who they said were Hamas members — a characterization disputed by residents — and killed a man whose family said had a history of schizophrenia.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/g-s1-99473/up-first-newsletter-national-guard-hong-kong-fire-black-friday-books-we-love-recommendations
Article: NPR 📚 The Dream Hotel by Laila Lalami — You know that spooky feeling you get when you make small talk with someone about needing a new TV, and your phone then just happens to send you the latest TV deals? Emily Kwong, host of NPR's Short Wave, writes, "I found The Dream Hotel instructive for navigating a society beset by mass surveillance — where the only escape can be found in shouldering risk together." Sponsor Message 📚 King of Ashes by S.A. Weekend Edition producer Melissa Gray writes, "This story spins and spins violently to a dark and satisfying conclusion." — If gritty crime fiction is more your thing, Cosby's latest centers around a family-run small business that gets roped into being involved with a local drug gang. Weekend Edition producer Melissa Gray writes, "This story spins and spins violently to a dark and satisfying conclusion." 📚 Mother Mary Comes to Me by Arundhati Roy — This time of year finds lots of folks feeling … different, complicated, conflicting feelings about their parents. Morning Edition host Leila Fadel writes, "It's a story of turbulent love and of liberation that is beautiful, witty and at times uncomfortable to read." — This time of year finds lots of folks feeling … different, complicated, conflicting feelings about their parents. Morning Edition host Leila Fadel writes, "It's a story of turbulent love and of liberation that is beautiful, witty and at times uncomfortable to read." 📚 Everything Is Tuberculosis: The History and Persistence of Our Deadliest Infection by John Green — You might recognize TB by its more romantic name, consumption. Here & Now producer James Perkins Mastromarino writes that the book is "witty, cogent and achingly beautiful." Again, this is just a tiny fraction of the hundreds of books we've got on this year's edition of Books We Love, as recommended by our staffers and critics. Black Friday stories you may have missed toggle caption Elva Etienne/Getty Images The nonprofit children's safety organization Fairplay is urging gift-givers to refrain from purchasing AI toys for kids this holiday season. In an advisory, Fairplay and other child and consumer advocacy groups highlight the potential dangers of toys such as interactive dolls and children's robots designed to mimic human behavior and engage with kids as if they are friends. The National Retail Federation predicts a record-breaking season, with Americans projected to spend over $1 trillion on gifts, food, and decorations, reflecting a growth rate of about 4% — similar to last year. Weekend picks toggle caption Neon Check out what NPR is watching, reading and listening to this weekend: 🍿 Movies: In Sentimental Value, a well-known filmmaker works on his next feature while he tries to reconnect with his estranged daughters. Download the NPR app today and explore our special collection of holiday music streams from across the NPR network, from the perfect soundtrack for your next party to the finest holiday jazz.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/black-friday-shopping-retail-letdown.html
Article: Gerald Martineau | The Washington Post | Getty Images Black Friday has long been defined by massive crowds, rock-bottom prices and rabid consumers willing to bite, scratch and claw their way to the best deals of the season. Stores are opening their doors later, foot traffic is flat, online shopping is up and, in a world where Black Friday begins in September, consumers are wary, unsure if the deals they're getting are even that good. "The integrity of the event is pretty much gone," said Mark Cohen, former CEO of Sears Canada, who spent a decade as the director of retail studies at Columbia Business School. In today's day and age, promotional pricing just gets better and better from a consumer's point of view the closer you get to the holiday." A line forms for the 4 a.m. Michael Macor | San Francisco Chronicle | Hearst Newspapers | Getty Images While Black Friday remains a critical day for many retailers and is still arguably the most popular shopping day of the year, it's no longer defined by the in-person experience. "I still recall queuing up outside stores waiting for those special deals that every retailer would advertise," said Denish Shah, the department chair and professor of marketing at Georgia State University's Robinson College of Business. "Whereas now it goes over weeks, over multiple days, and most of the time the consumers are doing it from the comfort of their home through online sales." For the last six years, more people shopped online on Black Friday than in-store, and foot traffic has been relatively flat following a post-Covid spike, according to data from the National Retail Federation and Placer.ai, an analytics firm that uses anonymized data from mobile devices to estimate overall visits to locations. Since 2021, Black Friday store visits have consistently been more than 50% higher than the daily average for the full year, but the amount of foot traffic stores are getting on the day after Thanksgiving isn't really growing, data from Placer.ai shows. Meanwhile, the amount of money people are spending during the so-called Turkey 5 – the period of shopping days spanning Thanksgiving to Cyber Monday – has declined for two straight years, according to the NRF. "But it is more muted." How Black Friday lost its edge When the modern-day version of Black Friday became popularized in the 1980s, it took an entire year of planning to pull off, Cohen said. "But it required an enormous amount of work." Retailers had to pick the perfect product, set the perfect price and make sure their competitors didn't get wind of their promotional plans. Jewel Samad | AFP | Getty Images But over time, as Black Friday became more popular, retailers began extending the shopping holiday so their biggest sales tailwind of the year could last longer than a single day. "In other words," Cohen said, "to sustain the ride, they started to dilute it." As discounts spread across the store, the operational feat behind inventory and staffing became even more challenging to manage, leading retailers to spread out promotions even earlier, Yeh said. "If it's only for a day, people are not going to necessarily want to sign up for that, versus, if it's for a longer season, then you're more likely to get the necessary team members and also be able to train them." At the same time, consumer habits began to shift in the backdrop. "It makes a difference if they can spread their spending across two pay periods rather than just one." Of course, there's also debate about how good the discounts actually are on Black Friday, especially in a soft economy where retailers are leaning heavily on promotions to drive sales at the same time they're raising prices to offset tariffs.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/why-has-venezuela-banned-six-international-airlines-amid-us-tensions?traffic_source=rss
Article: Venezuela has revoked operating permits for six international airlines after they suspended flights to the country following a United States warning of airspace risk, in the latest point of tension between the two countries. While Caracas said the FAA had no jurisdiction over its airspace, the decision led some airlines to indefinitely suspend flights to the South American country from November 24 to 28, Marisela de Loaiza, president of the Airlines Association in Venezuela, said. “What we have to do is, through our embassy, ​​make the Venezuelan authorities aware that this measure is disproportionate, that we have no intention of cancelling our routes to Venezuela, and that we only did this for security reasons,” he said. The US has built up a large military presence off the coast of Venezuela – its most significant military deployment to the Caribbean in decades – to combat what it claims is the trafficking of drugs. The Venezuelan government has suggested that the drug operation in the Caribbean and eastern Pacific is a cover for the US’s real aim of deposing Maduro from government – something some observers also believe. Last month, the US military conducted bomber flights up to the coast of Venezuela as part of a training exercise to simulate an attack, and sent the world’s largest aircraft carrier, USS Gerald R Ford, into the region. On Wednesday, Trump told reporters on board his presidential plane, Air Force One, that he “might talk” to Maduro but warned “we can do things the easy way, that’s fine, and if we have to do it the hard way, that’s fine, too”. “You probably noticed that people aren’t wanting to be delivering by sea, and we’ll be starting to stop them by land also,” Trump said in remarks to troops stationed around the globe to mark the US holiday, Thanksgiving.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/28/more-than-50-killed-in-deadly-sri-lanka-floods-what-we-know-so-far?traffic_source=rss
Article: Cyclone Ditwah made landfall early on Friday morning, affecting mainly the eastern and central regions of the island nation, with wind speeds of 65 kilometres per hour (40 miles per hour). On Thursday, more than 25 people were reported killed in landslides in the central mountainous, tea-growing regions of Badulla and Nuwara Eliya, which is about 300km (186 miles) east of the capital, Colombo. Fifteen flights, including services from Muscat, Dubai, New Delhi and Bangkok, were diverted from Bandaranaike International Airport (BIA) in Colombo to Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport (MRIA) in Sri Lanka’s southern province, Mattala, as well as to Trivandrum and Kochi in India from Thursday and through to Friday afternoon, local media reported. Once wind speeds reach 63km/h (39mph), the system is classified as a cyclonic or tropical storm – Cyclone Ditwah has a wind speed of 65km/h, giving it a current technical designation of storm. The Irrigation Department has issued a red-level flood warning for low-lying areas along the Kelani River valley for the next 48 hours, warning that the risk zone includes Colombo, the capital. Last year, Sri Lanka elected leftist Anura Kumara Dissanayake as its president, who had pledged to end painful austerity measures imposed by his predecessor, Ranil Wickremesinghe, as part of a bailout loan package from the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

Link: https://abc7.com/post/fleet-ups-mcdonnell-douglas-md-11-planes-grounded-deadly-crash-expected-miss-peak-delivery-season/18221630/
Article: Fleet of UPS planes grounded after deadly crash expected to miss peak delivery season UPS Airlines says a fleet of planes grounded after a deadly crash is expected to miss the peak holiday season. A fleet of planes that UPS grounded after a deadly crash isn't expected to be back in service during the peak holiday season due to inspections and possible repairs, the company said Wednesday in an internal memo. The airline expects it will be several months before its McDonnell Douglas MD-11 fleet returns to service as it works to meet Federal Aviation Administration guidelines, said the memo from UPS Airlines president Bill Moore to employees. (UPS/NTSB via AP) A UPS spokesperson said in a statement that the company will rely on contingency plans to deliver for customers throughout the peak season, and it "will take the time needed to ensure that every aircraft is safe." The 109 remaining MD-11 airliners, averaging more than 30 years old, are exclusively used to haul cargo for package delivery companies. Boeing, which took over as the manufacturer of MD-11s since merging with McDonnell Douglas in 1997, said in a statement that it is "working diligently to provide instructions and technical support to operators" so that they can meet the FAA's requirements.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c79xd17dre3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hong Kong tower blocks fire death toll rises to 128 14 minutes ago Share Save Hafsa Khalil Share Save 'Solemn scenes': BBC reports from outside Hong Kong's scorched buildings At least 128 people have died in a devastating fire that engulfed multiple high-rise buildings in Hong Kong. A further 79 people have been injured in the city's deadliest blaze in more than 70 years, which occurred in the northerly suburb of Tai Po, while dozens remain missing. Authorities said police will begin entering the Wang Fuk Court buildings on Friday to start gathering evidence, and that an investigation will take place over the next three to four weeks. Together we watched our homes burn gradually." The fire spread quickly across the separate blocks due to the presence of flammable netting and other materials on the outside of the buildings.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2dz34wz7y9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Man jailed over murder 'for packet of cornflakes' 23 minutes ago Share Save Tom Symonds Old Bailey Share Save Mackey family John Mackey died in hospital two days after being attacked A mugger who murdered an 87-year-old man as he walked home with his shopping has been jailed for a minimum of 23 years. An Old Bailey judge decided Peter Augustine, 59, lost his temper during an attempt to steal John Mackey's bag outside a Co-op store in Manor House, north London, on 6 May. Mr Mackey had lived in north London for 70 years and was well known locally for his trademark trilby hat, his close family relationships and his love of Arsenal FC. Met Police Peter Augustine did not turn up for his sentencing at the Old Bailey, claiming he had a bad back The court heard Augustine had been on the lookout for victims and, spotting the 87-year-old, crossed a busy road before following him for 15 minutes and then attacking him in a quiet location. 'Perfect uncle' Instead, Augustine used "an astonishing level of gratuitous violence", she said, which was "wholly unnecessary and, as witnessed observed, carried out in extreme anger." The judge agreed, deciding the killing did not result from an attempt to steal the bag but from Augustine's rage. "He was always interested in our lives - taking us to see his beloved Arsenal and introducing some of us to pubs around Manor House." She said he was never happier than when he was with his extended Irish family and his murder had caused deep upset.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ukrainian-man-suspected-nord-stream-pipeline-explosions-custody-127940605
Article: German authorities have placed a Ukrainian man in custody who is suspected of damaging the Nord Stream pipelines over three years ago FILE - This photo provided by Swedish Coast Guard shows a leak from Nord Stream 2 on Sept. (Swedish Coast Guard via AP, File) BERLIN -- A Ukrainian man suspected of setting off explosions that damaged Nord Stream pipelines between Russia and Germany more than three years ago has been placed in custody in Germany. A judge at the Federal Court of Justice in Karlsruhe issued an arrest warrant on Friday for 49-year-old Ukrainian Serhii Kuznietsov and ordered he be held in custody, federal prosecutors said. The suspect and others used a yacht that set off from the German port of Rostock, which had been hired from a German company using forged IDs and with the help of intermediaries, prosecutors said. The Polish judge said the attack on the pipelines should be understood as a military action in a “just war,” and therefore not subject to criminal responsibility on the part of an individual.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/armani-fashion-group-appoints-new-board-guide-company-127940715
Article: Italy’s fashion house Armani has appointed a new board to guide the company following the death of its founder Giorgio Armani earlier this year ROME -- Italy’s fashion house Armani said on Friday that it has appointed a new board whose role will be to guide the company at a time of transition following the death of its founder Giorgio Armani earlier this year. The other board members are Chairman Leo Dell’Orco; CEO and managing director Giuseppe Marsocci; Armani’s niece Silvana and his nephew Andrea Camerana; Yoox founder Federico Marchetti and businessman Angelo Moratti. Armani instructed his heirs to sell an initial 15% minority stake in his vast fashion business within 18 months after his death, with preference given to the eyewear giant Essilor-Luxottica, the French conglomerate LVMH or the cosmetics company L’Oreal. Dell’Orco said on Friday the composition of the new board “represents the best guarantee for the continuation, enhancement, and modernization of the idea of beauty, the business model, and the ethical values developed by Mr.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/black-friday-ai-agentic-shopping-comes-with-its-own-perils.html
Article: This Black Friday, for the first time, consumers and retailers alike are being warned about the perils of so-called "agentic shopping," as consumers turn to large language models to search for products, compare offerings, receive personalized recommendations, and even make purchases without much human input. "It definitely makes my life easier… but at the same time, it also makes fraudsters' life substantially easier as well," said Michael Reitblat, CEO of Forter, an e-commerce prevention provider. "Think of it as sending thousands of robots into different stores to masquerade as good consumers," Reitblat told CNBC's "Squawk Box Europe." While some retailers' knee-jerk reaction has been to simply ban AI purchases, that could be a faulty strategy as more and more consumers use AI for shopping and driving good quality traffic, Reitblat said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/11/28/the-man-who-broke-the-bbc?traffic_source=rss
Article: The resignations of BBC Director General Tim Davie and Director of News Deborah Turness over a Panorama edit of a 2021 speech by United States President Donald Trump have plunged the United Kingdom’s national broadcaster into one of the deepest crises in its history. Close to the centre of this crisis is Robbie Gibb, a man who has spent more than a decade shaping the BBC’s political coverage, zig-zagging between the BBC and the Conservative government while advancing his own partisan project that has distorted the corporation’s journalism on Brexit, Trump and, eventually, Gaza. Gibb has been such a huge figure in the wings of public life in the UK for so long that it is a relief he is now being publicly named and discussed. Gibb has been arguably the most influential yet hidden helping hand to Brexit politics, the Conservative Party and Israel, while bestriding two of the nation’s most important institutions as, variously, the head of the BBC’s Westminster team, the head of press at No 10, and then a pivotal BBC board member influencing BBC News. There has been little change in his guiding motivations or modus operandi between these roles, just a strong belief that only he could hold the line against an overwhelmingly liberal and left-leaning BBC “wokerati” and ensure impartiality. But in so doing, he has destroyed any notion of it, leading to the present crisis in the BBC, a $1bn battle with Trump and a collapse in the credibility of its coverage of Gaza. Advertisement As the editor of Channel 4 News from 2012 to 2022, I had experience of Gibb from the moment he was appointed press secretary at No 10 in 2017. From the outset, he severely restricted Channel 4 News’s access to government ministers, access that remained freely available to the BBC and reflected the close relationships he had built during his years overseeing parts of its political output. His conduct at No 10 with the BBC seemed little different from his BBC years; his direct control of the output was swapped for bargaining over access, helping him to continue to shape British politics. It had emerged that hundreds of Black British citizens, most of whom had arrived from the Caribbean more than 50 years earlier, had been wrongly detained, deported and denied legal rights. He barred Channel 4 News from interviews with the prime minister and other ministers, reportedly telling aides we were “banging on and on about something no one else cares about”. Multiple BBC journalists told me at the time that Gibb was still effectively directing parts of the BBC’s political coverage from No 10, using his influence and longstanding relationships to shape what was reported and who gained access. Several BBC colleagues later told me this reluctance to scrutinise the referendum was not new but reflected how Gibb had operated in real time when he oversaw BBC political output during the campaign itself. In 2019, after Gibb left No 10 with Theresa May, Boris Johnson appointed him to the BBC board, an influential position from which he was not meant to interfere in day-to-day editorial decisions. In 2020, he took a controlling interest in the Jewish Chronicle – the world’s oldest Jewish newspaper, a paper long regarded as the voice of Britain’s Jewish community – on behalf of undisclosed backers, and the paper then shifted sharply to the right. All of this occurred while Gibb, as the most experienced editorial voice on the BBC board, was allegedly exerting an increasingly dominant influence, despite the board’s rules prohibiting direct editorial involvement. After the horrific Hamas attack on Israel on October 7, 2023, and Israel’s unrelenting two-year assault on Gaza, which flattened much of the Palestinian enclave and killed more than 70,000 people, including 20,000 children, I was told by multiple sources that Gibb, as the strongest editorial voice on the BBC board, was placing BBC News under pressure over its Israel coverage from the very start. In the aftermath, the BBC delayed our investigation into Israel’s destruction of Gaza’s healthcare system and the killing of more than 1,500 medics, offering a series of excuses until eventually admitting they would not run it while they examined the other film. I was told that the board, under Gibb’s influence, effectively pushed Tim Davie and Deborah Turness to first obscure their position on our film, then ask us to make significant changes, before finally saying they would run only three one-minute clips from our 65-minute investigation on their news outlets. Advertisement In the end, it seems Davie and Turness did not fall because they stood up to Gibb, but because they reacted too slowly to the crisis his world helped create. After years of pressure over Gaza and mounting complaints about bias, the misleading Panorama edit of Trump’s speech and their hesitant response to his legal and political onslaught became the final straw. Only Gibb knows whether he intended to push the BBC into a position where it is now facing a potential billion-dollar lawsuit from a sitting US president, but his influence and alliances were central to the chain of decisions that led there. And now, hiding in plain sight, Gibb’s decades-long mission to reshape the national broadcaster around his own political agenda, dressed up as a defence of impartiality, can finally be seen for what it is: an absolute disaster for the BBC and for the public it is meant to serve.

Link: https://abc7ny.com/post/ny-jets-cornerback-kris-boyd-says-hes-back-hospital-nyc-shooting/18218964/
Article: Jets cornerback Kris Boyd says he's back in the hospital after New York City shooting NEW YORK CITY -- New York Jets player Kris Boyd is back in the hospital days after he was released for treatment of a gunshot wound. "I was released but had to return to the hospital due to my health issues." Boyd then thanked everyone who has prayed and reached out to him with well wishes. The shooting appeared to have stemmed from an exchange of works between Boyd, who was with two other Jets players and a friend, and another group "chirping" about their clothes, police sources told ABC News.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgex9jvwd4do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Homes of residents caught in dispute catch fire on same day 1 hour ago Share Save Andrew Head and Jonathan Coffey , BBC Panorama Share Save BBC Alison Porter-Garroch (l) went to help put out the fire at Mike Chesworth's home (r) - only for her own to then catch fire Two residents who had been involved in a long-running dispute with a holiday park company saw their homes destroyed by fire on the same day. Exclusive Resorts Ltd, which owns the site, said in a statement that Panorama was presenting a narrative that appeared to insinuate, without foundation or evidence, that the company may have been involved in an arson attack. "The victims are aware this will now be filed as closed until such time as any further evidence becomes available to identify a suspect." Mike Chesworth was the first resident to lose his mobile home. He and his wife had left the park and were travelling to see a relative on 5 August when he got a call to say his home was on fire. "When I got there, my lodge was absolutely ablaze and lots of fire engines were turning up." The second resident affected by the fires lived on the other side of Wyre Country Park. Alison Porter-Garroch said she was at home when she saw the smoke coming from Mike Chesworth's unit and went to help people who were trying to put out the fire.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/rugby-union/articles/c62vw1nv301o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Wales aim to finish their autumn with a spirited performance against South Africa, but there is a serious danger of a half-century of points being conceded in Cardiff for a fourth time this year. That head coach Steve Tandy is able to feel positive after three of the four November fixtures having been played shows the size of the task he has taken on. Wales were convincingly beaten 52-28 by Argentina and 52-26 by New Zealand either side of getting themselves out of a hole when edging out Japan 24-23 with the last kick. "They know exactly what that game is and they can adapt, but most of the time they don't need to," said Tandy, whose side have conceded 16 tries in three fixtures.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/11/28/kidney-transplant-ex-wife-husband-forgiveness/
Article: “I had formed the opinion in my brain when I first met her that I don’t like her, I’m not going to share my two older children with her,” said McCowen, 37, who has two children with her ex-husband. “I started having much more compassion for her; I helped her navigate some really tumultuous times.” Gradually, the three adults made an unspoken decision: Forgive each other and move on. “They need to see us being a united front and working together.” “It took a long time,” said Angela Maples, who has a very close bond with Ensley and Jacob. “But watching her do fourteen hours of dialysis a day for two and a half years, I was like, if it gives her a fighting chance, any amount of pain or anything I go through is worth it.” McCowen applied to become a kidney donor in June 2025, and she went for testing the following month. “I think everyone in the clinic was surprised by how much they got along and how much love they had for each other, despite how one might expect there could be animosity.” He said this is one of reasons he loves being a transplant surgeon. “If I had known from the very beginning that I was a match, I wouldn’t have let her suffer,” McCowen said, adding that she hopes to inspire others to consider donating. “Children need to see and understand that just because their parents aren’t married to each other anymore doesn’t mean they can’t still have a positive relationship with each other,” McCowen said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/anti-corruption-raid-targets-zelenskyys-prominent-chief-staff-127939885
Article: Ukrainian anti-corruption units have raided the home of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s chief of staff, Andrii Yermak Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak talks to the press at the U.S. Yermak, a powerful figure in Ukraine and a key participant in talks with the United States, confirmed they searched his apartment inside the presidential compound in downtown Kyiv, where checkpoints limit public access. It was not clear if the searches were connected to the case and a spokesperson for the NABU, Anton Tatarnikov, declined to comment, citing legal restrictions on revealing details on an ongoing probe. A spokesperson for the European commission, Guillaume Mercier, told Ukrainian local news, Radio Svoboda, on Friday that they were following developments closely and that the searches showed that Ukraine's anti-corruption agencies were working.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/starbucks-workers-union-escalates-strike-on-black-friday.html
Article: The Starbucks workers' union said on Friday it is escalating an indefinite strike to more than 120 stores and 85 cities, demanding higher pay and staffing levels at the coffee chain. The walkout, which is set to be the longest strike in the history of Starbucks, began on its Red Cup Day on November 13 with 65 stores and more than 40 cities. Workers also went on strike at Amazon warehouses in Germany on Black Friday, aiming to disrupt operations on a key sales day as they push for a collective bargaining agreement, with separate protests also planned outside Zara stores in Spain. Contract talks remain stalled despite mediation efforts in February, with both sides trading blame after delegates rejected Starbucks' proposed package in April that guaranteed annual raises of at least 2%. Starbucks Workers United has repeatedly targeted the company's busy holiday season and Red Cup Day, when Starbucks hands out reusable red holiday-themed cups to customers for free on coffee purchases.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/flood-deaths-rise-to-174-in-indonesia-surge-across-southeast-asia?traffic_source=rss
Article: The death toll from floods and landslides on the western Indonesian island of Sumatra this week has risen to 174, a disaster official said, with about 80 more people still missing, as a punishing tropical storm system and heavy monsoon rains have battered the region. “As of this afternoon, we have recorded that for the entire North Sumatra province, there have been 116 deaths and 42 people are still being searched for,” National Disaster Mitigation Agency (BNPB) chief Suharyanto announced on Friday. Residents in Sumatra’s Padang Pariaman region, where a total of 22 people died, had to cope with water levels at least 1 metre (3.3ft) high, and had still not been reached by search and rescue personnel on Friday. Communications remained down in some parts of the island, and authorities were working to restore power and clear roads blocked by landslide debris, said Abdul Muhari, spokesman for Indonesia’s national disaster mitigation agency. “I tried to run back to my house to tell my husband, and the water was already reaching my waist,” she told the AFP news agency, adding that it was up to her chest by the time she reached home. In the southern city of Hat Yai, the hardest-hit part of Thailand, the rain had finally stopped on Friday, but residents were still ankle-deep in floodwaters, and many remained without electricity as they assessed the damage to their property over the last week. Malaysia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Friday that it had already evacuated 1,459 Malaysian nationals stranded in more than 25 flood-hit hotels in Thailand, adding that it would work to rescue the remaining 300 still caught up in flood zones.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/texas-vowed-cooperate-ice-big-city-police-departments-face-difficult-c-rcna245937
Article: SAN ANTONIO — When Immigration and Customs Enforcement came calling on Dallas Police Chief Daniel Comeaux months ago to ask his officers to assist in supporting President Donald Trump’s sweeping immigration enforcement operations, the chief of police in the third-largest city in this very red state said no. On the other hand, in Texas’ largest city, Houston Mayor John Whitmire, a Democrat, has been under fire from residents and officials since he was quoted in the Houston Chronicle acknowledging some cooperation with ICE. The police department there has no formal agreement with the agency, but calls from the city’s police force to ICE, mostly as result of traffic stops, have risen 1000% since President Donald Trump was re-elected, the Houston Chronicle reported based on public records. The approaches in Dallas and Houston show the quandary some police departments face as they weigh their cities’ public safety priorities against the Trump administration’s pressures to multiply its enforcement forces. Texas’ largest cities, where the majority of its Black and Hispanic populations are concentrated, face a tough choice: partner with ICE and risk blowback from their own communities or take a pass and risk seeing the administration send ICE, Border Patrol or National Guard troops to their cities. Sheriffs’ offices and other law enforcement departments around the country, including in cities like Las Vegas and Miami, are signing up with unprecedented speed to a decades-old program to partner with ICE, according to the Migration Policy Institute, an immigration think tank that has surveyed departments about the partnerships over the years. A spokesperson frofor m the Department of Homeland Security said in a statement: “ICE is not only supercharging our hiring, we are also multiplying partnerships with state and local law enforcement to remove the worst of the worst including murderers, gang members, rapists, terrorists, and pedophiles from our country. We encourage all state and local law enforcement agencies to become a 287(g) partner and join us in the fight to make America safe again.” Nonetheless, none of the police departments of the top 10 U.S. In many cases, not cooperating comes with turning down money that is being offered to local and state law enforcement agencies as an incentive, said Muzaffar Chishti, who directs the New York office of the Migration Policy Institute. “What has added a whole new wrinkle to this is money, which has placed more and more pressure on ICE officers and these 287(g) officers to arrest and detain more people,” he said. 6 meeting, that pulling police officers from their current duties and putting them on immigration enforcement arrests would be detrimental to what so far is a trend of lower homicide rates, lower violent crime, fewer traffic deaths and improved police response times, according to Comeaux. “It will not make Dallas any safer, because we are aggressively going after those who are committing violent crimes already,” Comeaux said at the time, “so this program would not help us in any kind of way.” In a statement, Comeaux repeated that he turned down an offer of $25 million from ICE because it would not have covered overtime costs and officers would be reassigned under federal oversight, which could negatively affect response times and erode public trust. An ICE field office in Dallas that serves North Texas and Oklahoma was the site of a shooting in September, in which two people who were detained were killed and a third was wounded. The department has had to defend its calls to ICE, including one in April when it alerted ICE about a woman from El Salvador after she had dialed 911 to report domestic abuse. The Houston Police Department said in a statement that it does not ask about immigration status but that officers are “required to contact the issuing agency when they encounter a person with a warrant. After verifying the warrant with ICE, the officer detains the individual and transfers custody to an ICE agent.” Whitmire’s office said in a statement that while immigration matters fall under federal jurisdiction, “anyone who breaks the law in the City of Houston will be held accountable. When police encounter an individual with an outstanding warrant from another law enforcement agency, they are required to notify that agency.” ICE has added hundreds of thousands of administrative warrants — which are for civil violations and are not signed by judges — to the National Crime Information Center database, which police officers use to check for warrants when they pull someone over for a traffic stop. The president of the Houston Police Officers’ Union, Douglas Griffith, told NPR that the warrants are showing up in the database and that “if they pop up with a warrant, then we have no alternative but to take those people into custody.” But ICE officials who spoke at the Dallas City Council committee meeting this month said assisting the agency with immigration enforcement would be a benefit. “It’s good for the city, because you definitely have some individuals that fall through the cracks,” an ICE official who identified himself only as an assistant Dallas field office director named Francis said at the meeting. But Comeaux, a former special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Administration Houston office, told council members he rejected joining the 287(g) program because the “most important thing right now for us to keep everyone safe and keep the community believing in their police department, that it’s doing the very best to serve them every single day.”

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/pop-culture-news/wicked-for-good-political-themes-new-cynthia-erivo-song-rcna245713
Article: As moviegoers return to theaters to see “Wicked: For Good,” the sequel to the 2024 Broadway adaptation about an unlikely friendship between two witches, they may be surprised by the second installment’s darker tone. In a new song by composer Stephen Schwartz called “There’s No Place Like Home,” Erivo sings of her beloved homeland, “Why do I love this place that’s never loved me?” Schwartz wrote the song during the Covid-19 pandemic, when he and playwright Winnie Holzman were working to adapt their long-running 2003 stage musical into a two-film structure. “No matter where you lie on a political or ideological spectrum, it must be obvious that the America we live in today is quite a different country than 10 years ago,” Schwartz said in a Zoom interview with NBC News after the film’s record breaking opening weekend. “And so if you feel that something is being lost, the question then becomes, well, what do you do about that?” Universal Pictures’ “Wicked: For Good” is directed by Jon M. (NBC News and Universal Pictures share Comcast as a parent company.) While the first movie centered on the magic of the witches’ school days, the new film takes more of a foreboding tone. Oz’s talking animals have been locked in cages and the Munchkins are prevented from traveling freely, images that some viewers have taken as an allegory about the dangers of fascism or a critique of current U.S. “Any of us who live in a place that we don’t necessarily feel great about, or that hasn’t necessarily been great to us, we grapple with that question: Why do we care so much?” Schwartz’s new song for Grande, on the other hand, is about a political awakening. Unlike the songs in the first “Wicked” film, which weren’t eligible for Academy Awards because they had been in the stage musical, both “There’s No Place Like Home” and “The Girl in the Bubble” are possible best original song Oscar nominees. In the 2024 documentary “Wicked: The Real Story,” Maguire said he was interested in exploring the idea of “what is evil and what are my obligations?” In crafting the stage musical, Schwartz and Holzman were taking into account the events of September 11 and the U.S.’s response to them. “Wicked: For Good” is one of a few big budget, tentpole-style films from Hollywood this year that include either a literal or an allegorical layer of politics along with the spectacle. Ryan Coogler’s “Sinners” is a vampire movie about racial injustice; “Zootopia 2,” which Disney opened Wednesday, deals with political polarization; and “Avatar: Fire and Ash,” which Disney will release Dec. 6 on NBC, Erivo began to introduce a song by saying, “In times like these, that feel so divided, as if we’re reading from different pages and different books…” Grande finished the thought, saying, “We want you all to know you’re never alone and you’re safe with us.” Both of the new songs in “Wicked: For Good” have to do with mustering the courage to battle injustice, Schwartz said.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/cyber-monday-deals-2025-100-amazon-walmart-more/18219481/
Article: Cyber Monday beauty deals under $100 Image credit: Ulta - UV LED Nail Lamp for $22.43 (55% off) - Hero Cosmetics Mighty Patch for $17.57 (20% off) - LAURA GELLER Powder Foundation for $17.10 (53% off) - Kitsch Satin Heatless Curling Set for $11.99 (25% off) - Olaplex No.4 Bond Combo Pack for $43.99 ($16 off) Cyber Monday tech deals under $100 Image credit: Amazon - Sunrise Alarm Clock for $27.99 (44% off) - TP-Link Tapo 2K Security Camera for $32.98 (40% off) - Roku Premiere for $19.97 ($10 off) - TOPVISION Sound Bar for $94.99 ($155 off) Cyber Monday home deals under $100 Image credit: Amazon - COSORI 2.1Qt Air Fryer for $49.98 (17% off) - Crock-Pot Electric Lunch Box for $29.99 (25% off) - Runstar Smart Scale for $25.49 (41% off) - LEVOIT Smart Humidifier for $60.79 (24% off) - Keurig K-Compact for $89.00 (11% off) - GTRACING Gaming Chair for $79.99 ($120 off) - Always Pan 2.0 for $95 (originally $135) Looking for more Cyber Monday deals? - Black Friday mattress deals from Birch, Nectar Casper and more - Best Black Friday deals with discounts up to 75% off - Best Cyber Monday tech deals - Best Black Friday tech deals * By clicking on the featured links, visitors will leave Localish.com and be directed to third-party e-commerce sites that operate under different terms and privacy policies.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/eel-populations-falling-new-protections-defeated-japan-us-127942448
Article: Valuable eels are in decline all over the world, leading to a new push for restrictions on trade to try to help stave off extinction Eel populations are falling, and new protections were defeated. Bukaty, File) SCARBOROUGH, Maine -- Eels are the stuff of nightmares — slimy, snakelike creatures that lay millions of eggs before dying so their offspring can return home to rivers and streams. Some fishing groups, seafood industry members and regulatory agencies in the U.S., China and Japan — all countries where eel is economically important — have spoken out against restricting the trade. The push for more restrictions is the work of “an international body dominated by volunteer scientists and unelected bureaucrats," said Mitchell Feigenbaum, one of North America's largest eel dealers and an advocate for the industry. “We are very concerned about how it would potentially restrict trade in the United States." A coalition of industry groups in China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan also submitted a request that the protection be rejected, saying CITES' assertion that international trade is causing eel populations to decline is “not supported by sufficient evidence.” The strong demand for eels is a reason to protect the trade with new rules, said Nastya Timoshyna, office director for Europe with TRAFFIC, a U.K.-based nonprofit that fights wildlife trafficking. Illegal shipping is not the only reason the eels are in decline, but working with industry to cut down illegal trade will give the fish a better chance at survival, Timoshyna said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/swiss-voters-to-decide-on-inheritance-tax-rise-for-ultra-wealthy.html
Article: Billionaire count: 57Total wealth: $125 billionKnown as the playground of the rich and famous, Switzerland is 8th in the global billionaire sweepstakes and ranks 7th as the home of those worth $30 million and more, or the ultra-wealthy.Switzerland's billionaires represent the top one percent of its 5,597 ultra-wealthy population and control more than 19 percent of the total fortune of this group. "A lot of people who would be affected talked to their consultants and their tax lawyers, and they did the paperwork to be sure that this time of the year, a week before the final vote, they are ready to move out if necessary," Stefan Legge from the University of St.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/tunisia-hands-long-prison-sentences-to-opposition-business-media-figures?traffic_source=rss
Article: “The Court of Appeal in Tunis issued a final ruling early Friday against the defendants in what is known as the conspiracy against the state case,” said radio station Mosaique FM, quoting an official source, adding the terms ranged from five to 45 years. Nearly 40 defendants, many of whom are critics of President Kais Saied, were sentenced to up to 66 years in April for “conspiracy against state security” and “belonging to a terrorist group”. The European Union Parliament resolution, voted by an overwhelming majority the day before, called for the release of Sonia Dahmani, a lawyer and popular critic of Saied, who was freed from prison on Thursday but remained under judicial supervision. “They can learn lessons from us on rights and freedoms.” Saied’s condemnation also came two days after he summoned the EU’s ambassador for “failing to respect diplomatic rules” in the North African country. Advertisement At least 2,000 people, wearing black and carrying whistles and red ribbons, marched through Tunis, chanting slogans, including “the people want the fall of the regime” and “no fear no terror, the street belongs to the people”. The Dahmani case Dahmani, 60, was arrested by masked men in May 2024 and faced charges in several cases over her comments on radio and television denouncing racism in Tunisia. The EU Parliament’s resolution also called for the repeal of the law, “which has led to prosecutions for expressions of opinion, and of all abusive legislation used to limit freedoms”.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0q5w13e58zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Lightning detected on Mars by Nasa rover, scientists believe Scientists hope new instruments for measuring atmospheric discharges and more-sensitive cameras could be sent to Mars to try to confirm the findings. Nasa's Perseverance rover, which touched down on Mars in 2021, was sent to search for signs of biology and has spent the last four years exploring the Jezero Crater region. Lead author of the research Dr Baptiste Chide told news agency Reuters: "These discharges represent a major discovery, with direct implications for Martian atmospheric chemistry, climate, habitability and the future of robotic and human exploration." He and other scientists at the Institute for Research in Astrophysics and Planetology in France believe that Mars now joins Earth, Saturn and Jupiter as planets known to have atmospheric electrical activity. Particle physicist Dr Daniel Pritchard wrote in scientific journal Nature that, although the recordings would "provide persuasive evidence of dust-induced discharges", because the discharges were only heard and not seen, "some doubt will inevitably remain as to whether this really was Martian lightning". Perseverance was dispatched to the Jezero Crater because it showed qualities that may have meant it was once conducive to life, including signs it was once a delta when Mars could sustain liquid surface water.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sweden-promises-action-illegal-sex-doll-sales-127941902
Article: The Swedish government has pledged to combat the sale of childlike sex dolls online Minister of Social Services Camilla Waltersson Grönvall meets the media after meeting with e-commerce companies, children's rights organizations and authorities following the high-profile reporting on sex dolls depicting children, in Stockholm, Friday, Nov. (Lars Schröder/TT News Agency via AP) Minister of Social Services Camilla Waltersson Grönvall meets the media after meeting with e-commerce companies, children's rights organizations and authorities following the high-profile reporting on sex dolls depicting children, in Stockholm, Friday, Nov. (Lars Schröder/TT News Agency via AP) BERLIN -- The Swedish government promised on Friday to fight the sale of childlike sex dolls online after instances of such commerce had been reported earlier in the country. “I think I react on behalf of all parents when I say that, as a mother, your heart really breaks watching these images and pictures of these dolls," Sweden’s Minister for Social Services, Camilla Waltersson Grönvall, told The Associated Press. She spoke after a meeting which the Swedish government convened on Friday “in response to several notable cases of e-commerce companies selling childlike sex dolls,” according to a statement by her ministry. Asked whether the ministry considers those measures sufficient, Waltersson Grönvall said: “I have been very clear that we will follow this very closely and we will not hesitate to take further action, which might involve further legislation if that is considered necessary.” She said the government was preparing a strategy on protecting children from violence, which included steps to prevent sexual and online abuse. The online sale of the disputed dolls in Sweden came to the public's attention after the child protection group ChildX filed a police report against Amazon and several other e-commerce platforms earlier this month over the sale of sex dolls with a clear childlike appearance. The sale or distribution of lifelike child-like sex dolls may thus fall under criminal provisions related to child sexual exploitation.” ChildX Secretary General Ida Östensson, also speaking by phone to the AP, said that “our police complaint against Amazon and other sites for selling child-like sex dolls, together with public advocacy, led to the removal of these listings on Amazon.” “We are taking this step because these products are designed to sexualize children,” said Östensson. Children should never be commodified for sexual purposes.” When reached by email, online vendor Amazon said it did not have anything to share beyond what it had previously told other media, which was that the company would attend Friday's meeting and had taken products that had been flagged offline. “We have strict policies and guidelines in the segment of adult products and we have always strictly prohibited child pornography,” an Amazon spokesperson was quoted by French daily Le Monde on Nov. In November, France’s government said it was moving toward suspending access to the Shein online marketplace until it proves its content conforms to French law, after authorities found illegal weapons and child-like sex dolls for sale on the fast-fashion giant’s website.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/bitcoin-set-to-rally-back-to-100000-btig-says.html
Article: "After a -36% peak-to-trough decline, we think Bitcoin is now poised to continue its reflex rally at least back towards 100k," BTIG analyst Jonathan Krinsky said Wednesday in a note to clients. BTC.CM= 6M mountain Bitcoin over the last six months For one, some investors are pulling out of risk-on investments into risk-off assets such as gold amid ongoing concerns about the valuation of artificial intelligence stocks, which are linked to the crypto trade because they share a similar investor base. Despite that, bitcoin is still on track to regain some of its losses through the end of the year, while digital currency mining firms Cipher Mining and Terawulf are also "showing impressive during the crypto pullback," BTIG analysts said in their note.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/trump-pauses-immigration-from-third-world-countries-what-that-means?traffic_source=rss
Article: “I will permanently pause migration from all Third World Countries to allow the US system to fully recover, terminate all of the millions of Biden illegal admissions,” Trump wrote in a post on his Truth Social platform. Trump added that all federal benefits and subsidies to “noncitizens” will end, and he will “denaturalise migrants who undermine domestic tranquillity, and deport any foreign national who is a public charge, security risk, or non-compatible with Western civilisation”. After Rahmanaullah Lakanwal, a 29-year-old Afghan national, was arrested and named as the suspect in the shooting of the National Guard members on Wednesday, Trump called the shooting “an act of terror”. Advertisement In an address to the media on Wednesday night, he said: “We must now re-examine every single alien who has entered our country from Afghanistan under Biden.” Early on Thursday, US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) announced an indefinite immediate suspension “of all immigration requests relating to Afghan nationals”. The protection and safety of our homeland and of the American people remains our singular focus and… — USCIS (@USCIS) November 27, 2025 USCIS Director Joseph Edlow then added on X that, “at the direction” of the president, he had ordered “a full-scale, rigorous re-examination of every green card for every alien from every country of concern”. “The protection of this country and of the American people remains paramount, and the American people will not bear the cost of the prior administration’s reckless resettlement policies,” Edlow said. In June, to “protect the United States from foreign terrorists and other National security and public safety threats”, the Trump administration announced that foreign nationals from 19 countries would face a full travel ban or partial restrictions. “In ordinary English, ‘permanent pause’ sounds final, but under immigration law, the term has no defined meaning,” Abhishek Saxena, a New Delhi-based advocate practising in the Supreme Court of India who also handles international immigration consultations, told Al Jazeera. Advertisement According to the US Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), the president may suspend the entry of immigrants for a fixed period, indefinitely or until the president modifies or lifts the proclamation. Roberto Forin, acting director of the Geneva-based Mixed Migration Centre (MMC), said the Trump administration’s vagueness over who these policies apply to and what he means by “permanently pause” or “Third World” is intentional. “Keeping it undefined allows the administration to indiscriminately intimidate migrant communities in the US and around the world, while giving itself the prerogative to use this ban as another tool in its transactional approach to foreign policy,” Forin told Al Jazeera. However, an August report by the Washington, DC-based American Immigration Council concluded that people from the 12 countries on Trump’s June 2025 full travel ban list will “not be able to see family members living abroad”. “Under the June order, existing visas cannot be revoked, but those who need to leave the United States and renew their visas after they expire could be subjected to the ban instead of being allowed to return,” the report said. Saxena said Trump’s announcement that he will pause immigration from “Third World Countries” would also likely prevent spouses, children, and parents who are abroad from entering the US until the proclamation is lifted. Any revocation must follow strict statutory procedures and satisfy due-process requirements.” Last year, the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency detained pro-Palestine activist Mahmoud Khalil on the “basis of his speech” while he was protesting against Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza at Columbia University. “The United States lacks the ability to absorb large numbers of migrants, and in particular, refugees, into its communities in a manner that does not compromise the availability of resources for Americans, that protects their safety and security, and that ensures the appropriate assimilation of refugees,” the White House said in a statement in January. Then, at the end of October, the Trump administration announced the lowest refugee admission cap in the country’s history, limiting entry to just 7,500 people for the fiscal year 2026. On November 25, according to a memo seen by the Reuters news agency, the Trump administration ordered a review of all refugees allowed into the country under the previous Joe Biden administration, and recommended that their permanent residency applications be paused. According to the memo, which was reportedly signed by USCIS chief Eldow, the status and applications of about 233,000 refugees who entered the US between January 20, 2021 and February 20, 2025, would be reviewed. “Taken together, these measures, especially if they trigger a ‘race to the bottom’ among governments, could have devastating consequences globally, including in countries already ravaged by conflict and violence,” Forin said. Advertisement “We see this happening in Europe as well, from the system the UK has tried to establish to outsource asylum procedures to Rwanda, to the centres Italy tried to set up in Albania, and none of these have worked, because they were blocked by courts at every step.” “Unfortunately, they have all contributed to the dehumanisation of refugees and migrants, depicting them simply as a threat or a burden, rather than as human beings in need of protection or deserving of a chance at a better future,” Forin added.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c058lny3pdqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hungary's Orban defies EU partners and meets Putin again in Moscow 27 minutes ago Share Save Nick Thorpe Budapest correspondent Share Save EPA Orban has met Putin several times since the start of Russia's full-scale war Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has met President Vladimir Putin in Moscow, days before Russia holds talks on a US push to end the war in Ukraine. "Trump immediately said: ''We have good relations with Hungary, you have good relations with Viktor, and I do too, so I suggest this option.' Of course, we happily agreed," Putin said. Plans for a Budapest "peace summit" were proposed last month, but it was shelved reportedly because the Russian side had refused to compromise on Putin's maximalist demands for an end to the war. Ever since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022, Orban has claimed to have been on the side of peace and told Hungarian state radio last week that "Europe has decided to go to war in Ukraine". He has strongly backed Trump's 28-point peace plan to end the war and during frantic diplomacy after it emerged, the Orban government and pro-Orban media have accused EU leaders of "war-mongering" for trying to adapt the plan to take account of Ukraine's objections. In a letter this week to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, the Hungarian leader called for immediate, unconditional peace talks, for the EU to launch direct negotiations with the Kremlin.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c20gkkl1546o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Barcelona distances itself from sponsor's cryptocurrency after backlash 41 minutes ago Share Save Liv McMahon Technology reporter Share Save EPA The Spanish football giant Barcelona has told fans it has "no connection whatsoever" with the digital coin offered by its new crypto partner, following criticism over the deal. Clubs often pick up sponsors in unusual areas to bring in extra money - with Arsenal bringing in Persil as its fabric care partner in 2023, and Kellogg's becoming Manchester City's breakfast cereal partner that same year. University of Sussex professor Carol Alexander said the Barcelona brand gives enormous visibility to crypto firms like ZKP - but there is "substantial risk for supporters who buy the tokens".

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/chart-how-much-coffee-prices-have-risen-since-1985.html
Article: As of September, roasted coffee sold in stores cost about 41% more than it did 12 months prior, rising from an average of $6.47 to $9.14 per pound, according to the most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data. While prices can swing by roughly a dollar within a year during volatile periods, the nearly $3 increase in the most recent BLS data is unusually steep — and consumers are taking notice. "This is ridiculous," 52-year-old Chuck Smith said in a TikTok video in August in which he showed receipts for the 38.2-ounce tub of Maxwell House ground coffee he buys at his local Walmart in Indiana, which had nearly doubled in price to $21.44 in under a year. "It was just me in the moment," he told CNBC Make It, adding that the reaction "captured what a lot of folks are feeling." Walmart and Kraft Heinz, the maker of Maxwell House, did not respond to requests for comment. Restaurant coffee prices have risen, too: The average cost of a regular cup increased from $3.46 to $3.57 in the year ending October 2025, according to restaurant and café price data tracked by menu software company Toast.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/ukraine-anticorruption-investigators-search-home-of-zelenskyys-top-aide?traffic_source=rss
Article: Anticorruption authorities in Ukraine have searched the home of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s chief of staff, as a major corruption investigation continues to roil the country and cause consternation among allies. Andriy Yermak, who leads Kyiv’s negotiating team concurrently trying to hash out the terms of a United States-proposed plan to end the four-year war with Russia, confirmed his apartment was being searched on Friday and said he was fully cooperating. Earlier this month, the two anticorruption agencies unveiled a sweeping investigation into an alleged $100m kickback scheme at the state atomic energy company that ensnared former senior officials and an ex-business partner of Zelenskyy. Ukraine and its European allies had raised concerns that the Trump-backed plan comprised some elements that Russia has been actively pushing for, including that Ukraine cede additional territory and curtail the size of its military. ‘Black Friday’ Viktor Shlinchak, a political analyst at the Kyiv-based Institute for World Politics, described the searches as a “Black Friday” for Yermak and suggested Zelenskyy may be forced to dismiss him. Yermak, 54, is Zelenskyy’s most important ally, but a divisive figure in Kyiv, where his opponents say he has accumulated power, gatekeeps access to the president and ruthlessly sidelines critical voices. Challands also noted that the inquiry comes after Zelenskyy’s government had tried in July to take away the Ukrainian anticorruption agencies’ independence and place them under the control of his prosecutor-general.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2epgwkw1vlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Talks over UK joining EU defence fund break down Just now Share Save Paul Seddon Political reporter Share Save AFP via Getty Images Talks to allow UK companies to play a greater part in the EU's €150bn (£130bn) defence loans scheme have broken down after a dispute over money. The EU had reportedly been demanding an entry fee running to billions of euros for UK companies to access a greater share of the loans, which would ultimately be underwritten by the European Commission. In a statement on Friday, Nick Thomas-Symonds, the minister responsible for EU relations, said it was "disappointing that we have not been able to conclude discussions" on British participation in the first round of bids. It will see the European Commission borrow up to €150bn (£130bn) to fund long-duration loans to EU countries, in a bid to encourage them to buy ammunition, artillery, and military drones together. As well as a defence loans agreement, the UK is trying to negotiate other deals to reduce post-Brexit border checks on food products, and link the UK to the EU's carbon trading regime. Talks on a further deal on electricity trading could begin in the new year, after EU countries agreed to draw up their instructions for talks by the end of next month.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-permanently-pause-migration-countries-after-national-guard/story?id=127942078
Article: Trump says he will 'permanently pause' migration from some countries after National Guard shooting President Donald Trump delivers remarks on the attack in Washington on the National Guard soldiers during an address from Palm Beach, Fla., Nov. In a post on his social media platform late Thursday, Trump did not specify which countries the pause would affect, saying it would apply to "Third World Countries." In June, Trump issued a proclamation banning travel to the U.S. would "terminate all of the millions of Biden illegal admissions, including those signed by Sleepy Joe Biden’s Autopen, and remove anyone who is not a net asset to the United States, or is incapable of loving our Country, end all Federal benefits and subsidies to noncitizens of our Country, denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic tranquility, and deport any Foreign National who is a public charge, security risk, or non-compatible with Western Civilization." The suspect in Wednesday's shooting, which claimed the life of one National Guard member and left the other in critical condition, is 29-year-old Rahmanullah Lakanwal. Trump has vowed an immigration crackdown following the shooting, saying Wednesday the attack "underscores the greatest national security threat facing our nation." In the past, Democrats and immigration advocates have pushed back against the president's immigration restrictions, including on asylum seekers, contending that he has exaggerated national security concerns and turned away millions of families in need.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/warehouse-real-estate-rebalance.html
Article: "Industrial property rents are showing signs of stabilization, indicating a more balanced market environment," said Judy Guarino, managing director of commercial mortgage lending at JPMorgan Chase , in a note to investors. "The third-quarter demand has far exceeded the entire first half of the year, which is another really strong indicator that the supply and demand is starting to get more into a balanced state," said Stephanie Rodriguez, national director of industrial services at Colliers. New supply totaled 48 million square feet in the first half of 2025, much less than the 330 million square feet completed at the height of the cycle in 2023. In a report titled "Bold Predictions for 2026," Prologis, the world's largest logistics real estate company, cited specific supply chain trends to watch, including forecasts that: E-commerce companies will make up nearly 25% of new leasing next year as the proportion of goods sold online rises to almost 20% globally by year-end. Shrinking trucking capacity will drive double-digit rate hikes in 2026, making transportation an even larger share of total supply chain spend and amplifying the value of well-located logistics real estate. "While re/near-shoring demand continues to pick up speed, albeit slowly and with somewhat uneven impact, opportunity also lies in power-advantaged infill assets that support faster and denser networks; where distance once drove advantage, closeness now creates it," according to the Hines report. "This trend highlights another potential source of demand not only for industrial manufacturing facilities, but for the warehouse subsector as well," according to its report, which predicts reshoring alone could increase overall warehouse demand over the next five years by roughly 35%. "Tariffs may lead to higher costs and supply chain challenges, but these locations are key to maintaining supply chain resilience and adapting to trade shifts." Proximity One example of the proximity advantage: Amazon .

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c87ld115ndvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Treasure hunt golden hare sold for £82k at auction 14 minutes ago Share Save Danny Fullbrook Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire Share Save Sotheby's The hare was auctioned by Sotheby's after being searched for by global treasure hunters in the 1980s A golden hare that sparked a treasure hunt has sold at auction for a hammer price of £82,550. Mr Williams then created Masquerade, a book filled with cryptic riddles pointing to the hare's location, which attracted treasure hunters from around the globe before it was finally unearthed in 1982. Artist Kit Williams with the golden hare that was the treasure hunt's prize It had been buried in Ampthill Park inside a terracotta casket and sealed with wax to evade metal detectors. Nicola Haseler/BBC The Masquerade book sold out within days when it was released in 1979 The golden hare, given the name Jack, is set with a ruby eye and a body design that includes flowhead motifs, each set with turquoise. Mr Williams said: "The current owners have been good and generous guardians of the Masquerade Jewel, agreeing to put it on public exhibition at the V&A Museum and at the Sydney Opera House.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/charges-dc-national-guard-shooting-suspect-upgraded-murder/story?id=127943482
Article: The suspect in the "targeted" shooting of two National Guardsmen in Washington, D.C., will now face charges upgraded to first-degree murder after President Donald Trump announced the death of one of the victims late Thursday, U.S. "There are certainly many more charges to come, but we are upgrading the initial charges of assault to murder in the first degree," Pirro said Friday morning on Fox News' "Fox & Friends." The suspected gunman, 29-year-old Rahmanullah Lakanwal, was previously charged with three counts of assault with the intent to kill while armed and criminal possession of a weapon, officials said during a press conference on Thursday. The suspect allegedly "opened fire without provocation, ambush style," struck one of the victims, leaned over and shot the individual again, before firing at the other National Guard member "several times," Pirro said on Thursday. Patel also noted the FBI received confirmation from the Department of Defense and CIA "that the subject had a relationship in Afghanistan with partner forces." FBI Director Kash Patel speaks during a press conference with U.S. Nathan Howard/Reuters "We are fully investigating that aspect of his background as well, to include any known associates that are either overseas or here in the United States of America," Patel said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckg9nd2wddno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Zelensky's chief of staff resigns after Ukrainian anti-corruption police raid home Yermak has for years been Zelensky's closest aide and has played a key role in talks towards ending the war Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has said his chief of staff, Andriy Yermak, resigned following an anti-corruption raid on his home. Yermak, 54, has been Zelensky's closest adviser throughout Russia's full-scale war, but has come under increasing pressure over a corruption scandal - even though he was not accused of any wrongdoing. Zelensky had recently appointed his chief of staff to lead crucial negotiations in the coming days, with US President Trump spearheading a new drive to end the war with Russia.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/u-s-retailers-are-about-to-see-if-shoppers-are-willing-to-spend-on-black-friday
Article: NEW YORK (AP) — Black Friday no longer tempts people to leave Thanksgiving tables for midnight mall runs, but the annual sales event still brings more shoppers into stores than any day of the year and still rules as the U.S. WATCH: How to make the most of your holiday gift budget Many retail executives have reported customers becoming more discerning and increasingly focused on deals while at the same time remaining willing to splash out for important occasions like the start of the school year and the winter holidays, creating a halo effect. “Consumers have been saying the economy is terrible while continuing to spend for years now, so the outlook is probably better than they are telling us.” “Consumers have been saying the economy is terrible while continuing to spend for years now, so the outlook is probably better than they are telling us,” Bill Adams, the chief economist at Comerica Bank, said this week of shoppers’ moods heading into Black Friday. “But business surveys also report consumers are being more sensitive to prices and selective in spending.” At Macy’s Herald Square flagship store in New York City, a steady stream of shoppers went hunting for deep discounts on clothes, shoes, linens and cosmetics soon after the store’s 6 a.m. READ MORE: Consumer confidence slips as Americans grow wary of high costs and labor market Nam said she thought Black Friday has the best holiday deals but that she planned to wait until after Christmas to finish buying gifts for other relatives. She said it was hard to know when to find the best prices given the unpredictability of President Donald Trump’s wide-ranging tariffs on imported goods and several years of inflation. retail sales rose modestly in September, as consumers pulled back spending after months of splurging While planning for the holidays in the spring and summer, retail companies were wrestling with the Trump administration’s volatile tariff policies. Market research firm Circana said that 40% of all general merchandise sold in September saw a price increase of at least 5% compared with the first four months of the year. At the Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota, foot traffic in recent weeks surpassed the numbers from pre-pandemic 2019, said Jill Renslow, the mall’s chief business development and marketing officer. But at the moment, it doesn’t seem like it’s changing how they are showing up for this season.” According to Adobe Analytics, Thanksgiving Day was the best time to shop online to get the deepest discount on sporting goods.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-says-he-wants-to-permanently-pause-migration-to-the-u-s-from-poorer-countries
Article: His most severe social media post against immigration since returning to the Oval Office in January came after the shooting Wednesday of two National Guard members who were patrolling the streets of the nation’s capital under his orders. (AP) — President Donald Trump says he wants to “permanently pause migration” from poorer nations and is promising to seek to expel millions of immigrants from the United States by revoking their legal status. He is blaming immigrants for problems from crime to housing shortages as part of “social dysfunction” in America and demanding “REVERSE MIGRATION.” Trump’s threat to stop immigration would be a serious blow to a nation that has long defined itself as welcoming immigrants. “Other than that, HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL, except those that hate, steal, murder, and destroy everything that America stands for — You won’t be here for long!” Trump was elected on a promise to crack down on illegal migration, and raids and deportations undertaken by his administration have disrupted communities across the country. There are roughly 50 million foreign-born residents in the U.S., and multiple studies have found that immigrants are generally less likely to commit crimes than are people who were born in the country. The perception that immigration breeds crime “continues to falter under the weight of the evidence,” according to a review of academic literature last year in the Annual Review of Criminology. “With few exceptions, studies conducted at both the aggregate and individual levels demonstrate that high concentrations of immigrants are not associated with increased levels of crime and delinquency across neighborhoods and cities in the United States,” it said. would want to admit more immigrants from ‘s***hole countries’ A study by economists initially released in 2023 found immigrants are 60% less likely to be incarcerated than people born in the U.S. Trump seemed to have little interest in a policy debate in his post, which the White House, on its own rapid response social media account, called “one of the most important messages ever released by President Trump.” He pledged to “terminate” millions of admissions to the country made during the term of his predecessor, Democrat Joe Biden. citizens, denaturalize people “who undermine domestic tranquility” and deport foreign nationals deemed “non-compatible with Western Civilization.” Trump claimed immigrants from Somalia were “completely taking over the once great State of Minnesota” as he used a dated slur for intellectually disabled people to demean that state’s governor, Tim Walz, the Democratic vice presidential nominee last year. WATCH: ‘Deportation trap’: Immigration agents arresting migrants at mandatory court check-ins On Wednesday night, Trump called for the reinvestigation of all Afghan refugees who had entered under the Biden administration. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said the agency would take additional steps to screen people from 19 “high-risk” countries “to the maximum degree possible.” Edlow did not name the countries. The suspect, Rahmanullah Lakanwal, is accused of driving across the country to the District of Columbia and shooting two West Virginia National Guard members, Specialist Sarah Beckstrom, 20, and Staff Sgt.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c058l7nm3p3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "We haven't been given any reason why it was turned down, but we did appeal it - immediately." On Thursday, Everton shared a photo of Gueye and Keane wearing boxing gloves and hugging on their social media channels. We don't always want it in the style it showed up on Monday night but we certainly want that passion and commitment from all the players." Gueye has started every Premier League game for Everton this season and is due to join up with Senegal for the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in December. Moyes is also without German midfielder Merlin Rohl, who recently had hernia surgery, while a minor hamstring issue sidelines captain Seamus Coleman, who was substituted in the first half at Old Trafford amid a season beset by injury concerns. "Merlin [Rohl] having an operation has made us light, so we are quite short but we have other people who can play in there - Charly Alcaraz, Dwight McNeil if we need to as well. "Merlin probably isn't going to be back until the start of January and Idrissa's suspension [and forthcoming Afcon participation] leaves us pretty short in that area." Everton's Premier League campaign continues at Hill Dickinson Stadium on Saturday, when they host Newcastle (17:30 GMT).

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5621985/pope-leo-prays-nicaea-turkey-patriarch
Article: Pope Leo prays for unity at historic Nicaea site toggle caption Chris McGrath/Anadolu via Getty Images IZNIK, Turkey —On the second day of his inaugural foreign trip, Pope Leo XIV visited the site where early Christian leaders met 1,700 years ago for the First Council of Nicaea — the gathering that produced the creed still spoken in churches today. The first American pope prayed alongside Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, the spiritual leader of the world's Eastern Orthodox Christians, amid the archaeological ruins of the lakeside church where bishops met in 325 to resolve divisions threatening to tear the early Church apart. "We must strongly reject the use of religion for justifying war, violence, or any form of fundamentalism or fanaticism," Pope Leo said in his speech at the site on the shore of the tranquil Iznik Lake. "Instead, the paths to follow are those of fraternal encounter, dialogue and cooperation." Pope Leo has used the trip to press for unity — among Christian denominations, and also among other religions and communities. In a speech along Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Thursday, the Pope warned that the division and polarization seen in the world today is placing the very future of humanity at stake. toggle caption Chris McGrath/Getty Images Europe The fiercest dispute came from Arius, an Alexandrian priest who argued that Jesus, though exalted, was the highest created being, but not equal to God. Sponsor Message The council, whose bishops had gathered from across the Roman Empire, ultimately rejected his teachings and affirmed that Jesus is "of one substance" with the Father — language that forms the basis of the creed recited by catholics today, which begins: "I believe in one God, the Father almighty …". toggle caption OZAN KOSE/AFP via Getty Images The exact location of the council was only discovered about 11 years ago, when public workers taking aerial photographs of Lake Iznik shared images with Turkish archaeologist Mustafa Sahin. The Church remained mostly united until the Great Schism of 1054, which split Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Christianity over theological disputes and power struggles between Rome and Constantinople - modern day Istanbul. Ahead of the anniversary, Leo released an apostolic letter emphasizing the creed as a "common heritage of Christians," written when "the wounds inflicted by the persecutions of Christians were still fresh." Sponsor Message On Saturday the Pope and the Patriarch will sign a joint declaration in a modern show of unity.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/snow-rain-cold-weather-store-post-thanksgiving-travelers-127946441
Article: A lot of snow, rain and cold weather await travelers for the rest of the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, with winter storm warnings posted Friday across the northern part of the country and more snow falling over the Great Lakes region. So far, forecast conditions do not meet blizzard warning criteria, meteorologists said — winds of at least 35 mph (56 kph), visibilities of less than a quarter mile (400 meters) and lasting more than three hours. Snowfall totals of at least a foot were expected by the end of the storm, particularly downwind of Lake Superior across the northern Lower Peninsula of Michigan and downwind of lakes Erie and Ontario, the weather service said. Temperatures were well below average in the eastern and central parts of the country, with highs Friday expected in the 20s degrees F and 30s degrees F in the Midwest, the 30s and 40s in New England and Mid-Atlantic areas, and the 40s and 50s in the Southeast.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russia-outlaws-human-rights-watch-crackdown-dissent-continues-127946446
Article: The Russian authorities have outlawed Human Rights Watch as an “undesirable organization,” making all involvement with the group a criminal offense The Russian authorities Friday outlawed Human Rights Watch as an “undesirable organization,” a label that under a 2015 law makes involvement with such organizations a criminal offense. The decision by the Russian prosecutor general’s office is the latest move in an unrelenting crackdown on Kremlin critics, journalists and activists, which has intensified to unprecedented levels since Moscow's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. In a separate statement on Friday, the office said it was opening a case against Russian feminist punk band Pussy Riot that would designate the group as an extremist organization. The ruling targeted the foundation’s U.S.-registered entity, which became the focal point for the group when the original Anti-Corruption Foundation was designated an “undesirable organization” by the Russian government in 2021. “This is a political strategy used by the Russian authorities: to declare anyone who interferes with their theft and endless war an enemy of the state.” Russia’s list of “undesirable organizations” currently covers more than 275 entities, including prominent independent news outlets and rights groups. It has been outspoken in its opposition to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and recently published an investigation into Russian forces using drones to deliberately chase, injure and kill civilians living in Ukraine’s Kherson region.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/worlds-longest-serving-democratic-leaders-loses-election-st-127944158
Article: Vincent and the Grenadines is preparing to welcome a new prime minister for the first time in 24 years after preliminary election results show that Godwin Friday of the New Democratic Party beat Ralph Gonsalves of the Unity Labor Party One of world's longest serving democratic leaders loses election in St. Vincent and the Grenadines FILE - Saint Vincent and Grenadines Prime Minister Ralph Gonsalves talks to journalists during a news conference at the end of the third EU-CELAC summit in Brussels, Belgium, Tuesday, July 18, 2023. (AP Photo/Francois Walschaerts, File) FILE - Saint Vincent and Grenadines Prime Minister Ralph Gonsalves talks to journalists during a news conference at the end of the third EU-CELAC summit in Brussels, Belgium, Tuesday, July 18, 2023. Vincent and the Grenadines is preparing to welcome a new prime minister for the first time in 24 years after preliminary election results show that Godwin Friday of the New Democratic Party beat Ralph Gonsalves of the Unity Labor Party. Vincent and the Grenadines is heavily dependent on tourism, has an 18% unemployment rate, a 26% poverty rate and is still struggling to recover from the April 2021 eruption of La Soufrière volcano. Vincent and the Grenadines signed a free movement deal last month that would make it easier for its citizens to move to certain countries in the Caribbean without needing a visa or work permit. Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness wrote on X Friday that Gonsalves has been a strong voice within Caricom, a regional trade bloc, “consistently advocating for deeper regional cooperation and a more integrated Caribbean community.” “His passion for regionalism and his unwavering belief in the value of collective action have helped to shape many important conversations across our Community,” Holness wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/talks-uk-access-eu-defense-fund-broken-127944450
Article: joining a major EU defense fund have ended without agreement, the British government said Friday Talks on UK access to an EU defense fund have broken down LONDON -- Talks on the U.K. defense industry to access a 150 billion euro ($170 billion) EU loan program, known as Security Action for Europe, or SAFE, set up to help Ukraine and the rest of Europe defend itself. British EU Relations Minister Nick Thomas-Symonds said Friday that the “negotiations were carried out in good faith, but our position was always clear: we will only sign agreements that are in the national interest and provide value for money.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/an-options-strategy-that-generates-additional-returns-on-nvidia.html
Article: Instead, they exhibit heavy-tailed, right-skewed, power-law characteristics: A very small number of companies account for a very large share of total wealth creation, while many (or even most) companies underperform. We can observe this effect by comparing the total returns of two indices, both comprised of the same stocks, the S & P 500 (SPX) , which is cap-weighted and therefore doesn't "rebalance" by selling winners and buying losers, and the other is the S & P Equal Weight Index (SPXEW) , which does rebalance, selling winners (strength) as their growth increases their share for the index to buy the losers (weakness) whose relative share of the index declines over time. Even before the results are reported, readers will likely suspect the outcome, as the equal-weight strategy does the exact opposite of what a common investing rule of thumb recommends: "Let your winners run, and cut your losses quickly." Since March 1992, an investment in the equal-weight S & P 500 would have returned 2,528.6% — very nice, but an investment in the S & P 500 (cap-weighted) would have returned 3,046.76%, which is more than 500% nicer. If one stopped there, a reasonable conclusion is that one should simply buy a passive, cap-weighted index fund tied to the S & P 500 and leave it at that. While it's true that some companies that were notable decades ago remain so now, such as Disney, McDonald's, American Express, and Eli Lilly & Co., another reason the largest mega-caps rotate is the law of large numbers. Collectively, those companies generate about $2.5 trillion in revenues, or more than 8.5% of US GDP, and our actively managed fund held five of them: Alphabet, Lilly, Broadcom, Meta and Nvidia. Lilly's success long predates the existence of the other four, and is unrelated, but it is unlikely that Alphabet, Broadcom, Meta, and Nvidia will all be in the top 10 of the S & P decades from now. I fully expect Nvidia to be the most profitable company in the S & P 500 in 2026, but I do not expect that growth rate to persist, and growth is the key to the power law's benefits. It is still a great company, but if you hope to generate additional returns from it, perhaps now is the time to consider selling covered calls, such as the January 195 calls at $5.65. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/11/28/rsf-military-push-for-kordofan-leaves-sudan-at-risk-of-partition?traffic_source=rss
Article: In the sights of the paramilitary force – accused of committing grave human rights abuses during Sudan’s war – are the cities and towns of the vast central region, such as Babnusa and el-Obeid. The momentum is currently with the RSF, which defeated their Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) opponents in el-Fasher, in the western region of Darfur, last month, unleashing a tidal wave of violence where they killed at least 1,500 people and forced thousands more to flee. But continuing to hold the city will be difficult for the SAF, and if it does fall, then the RSF will likely press forward towards North Kordofan’s el-Obeid, and a vital gateway towards the capital Khartoum. “The RSF has momentum, which they will carry on through with,” said Dallia Abdelmoniem, a Sudanese political analyst, who pointed out that an RSF ally, the SPLM-N, already controls the Nuba Mountains region of South Kordofan. “Hemedti was never going to be satisfied with just controlling the Darfur region – he wants the whole country,” she said, using a nickname for Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, the head of the RSF. “The SAF is weakened unless they miraculously get their hands on weaponry equal, if not better, to what the RSF has.” Ceasefire talks It is notable that the RSF advances have taken place despite ongoing mediation efforts from the so-called “Quad” – Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the United States – aimed at reaching an end to the fighting. “The pressure for a ceasefire coming from the Quad, including Egypt and Saudi Arabia, is pushing the SAF and the RSF to gain a territorial advantage as quickly as possible in case something shifts during the mediation,” said Kholood Khair, the founding director of Confluence Advisory. “Each side will always try to maximise its position before the talks.” Khair points out that both sides had been amassing weapons over the summer rainy season, when conditions were more difficult for fighting. “The battle for Kordofan is not merely territorial – it is about controlling Sudan’s economic backbone.” Arbab added that there is a military logic to the RSF’s push towards Babnusa, as it is the gateway linking their forces in Darfur to el-Obeid. It also brings the RSF several steps closer to Khartoum.” Potential partition Beyond the battlefield, analysts warn that Kordofan’s escalation is intensifying the fault lines fragmenting Sudan’s political and ethnic map. Advertisement Khair pointed out that the fall of el-Fasher had cemented the territorial fragmentation of western Sudan, but added that there were also “dozens of armed groups”, either aligned to the SAF, the RSF, or independent, that each controlled their own fiefdoms. Because of that, you now have a split of communities who believe their ethnic interests are served by the SAF, by the RSF, or by other groups.” This ethnic competition, she said, is now steering the trajectory of the war more than military strategy. “There’s no singular Sudanese project right now – not intellectually, militarily, politically, or economically – and that is catalysing fragmentation.” Abdelmoniem, however, warns that some within the SAF may be willing to accept fragmentation. “Undoubtedly, there are elements within the SAF who would be more than happy for further fragmentation of the country so they can continue to rule over the Arab Sudanese side,” she said. “Losing Darfur is not an issue, and they’re willing to forgo the alliance with the joint forces over it,” she added, referring to former rebel groups largely based in Darfur and allied to the SAF. And how do you contend with public opinion when the Sudanese people will view the SAF as the entity that lost or broke up the country?” Arbab takes a more cautious view. Social complexities and the diversity of actors make such an option extremely difficult.” Humanitarian fallout As the front lines expand, Korodofan now faces the prospect of a humanitarian disaster on the scale seen in Darfur.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gex225p5jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: No 10 denies Reeves misled public in run-up to Budget 12 minutes ago Share Save Harry Farley Political correspondent Share Save Reuters Downing Street has denied Chancellor Rachel Reeves misled the public about the state of the public finances in the run-up to this week's Budget. On 4 November, Reeves used a rare pre-Budget speech in Downing Street to warn the UK's productivity was weaker "than previously thought" and that "has consequences for the public finances too, in lower tax receipts." Then, on 10 November, she told BBC Radio 5 Live: "It would, of course be possible to stick with the manifesto commitments, but that would require things like deep cuts in capital spending." These comments, along with her speech, fuelled speculation she needed to raise significant sums to meet her fiscal rules. However, the Office for Budget Responsibility has now confirmed that before both of these interventions, it had told Reeves the government had in fact received higher than expected tax receipts, which offset the impact of the productivity downgrade. In a letter to the Commons Treasury select committee, OBR chairman Richard Hughes revealed that he told the chancellor on 17 September that the public finances were in better shape than widely thought. In her Downing Street press conference, she said: "It is already clear that the productivity performance…is weaker than previously thought." She added: "What I want people to understand ahead of that Budget, is the circumstances we face." However, the Treasury then backed away from increasing income tax rates, with government sources claiming this was because of better than expected forecasts from the OBR. "Rachel Reeves spent the months leading up to the Budget claiming she would need to make difficult choices because of a downgrade in the economic forecasts that was not of her making. "In doing so, some people may even have faced higher mortgage rates thanks to the impact on markets from Labour's chaotic briefings." Asked whether Reeves had misled the public and the financial markets, the PM's spokesperson said: "I don't accept that." He added: "As she [Reeves] set out in the speech that she gave here (Downing Street), she talked about the challenges the country was facing and she set out her decisions incredibly clearly at the Budget." He added the government had increased the headroom for the Treasury to meet the fiscal rules, which would creates "certainty and stability for business".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/g-s1-99736/zelenskyys-chief-of-staff-resigns-as-ukraine-corruption-investigations-widen
Article: Zelenskyy's chief of staff resigns as Ukraine corruption investigations widen toggle caption Martial Trezzini/AP/Keystone KYIV, Ukraine — Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Friday the resignation of his powerful chief of staff, Andrii Yermak, whose residence was searched earlier in the day by anti-corruption investigators. Sponsor Message Yermak, a powerful figure in Ukraine and a key participant in talks with the United States, confirmed they searched his apartment inside the presidential compound in downtown Kyiv, where checkpoints limit public access. It was not clear if the searches were connected to the case and a spokesperson for the NABU, Anton Tatarnikov, declined to comment, citing legal restrictions on revealing details on an ongoing probe. A spokesperson for the European commission, Guillaume Mercier, told Ukrainian local news, Radio Svoboda, on Friday that they were following developments closely and that the searches showed that Ukraine's anti-corruption agencies were working.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/ukraines-zelenskyy-says-his-chief-of-staff-has-resigned.html
Article: Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak pose for the press, as they meet with Spain's King Felipe (not pictured), at the Zarzuela Palace, in Madrid, Spain, Nov. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's powerful chief of staff, a close ally of the president who has headed Ukraine's negotiation team at fraught U.S.-backed peace talks, quit on Friday, hours after anti-corruption agents searched his home. Our work continues." Yermak, 54, has been a close friend of Zelenskyy since the president's days as a TV comedian, and helped guide Zelenskyy's successful 2019 presidential campaign as a political outsider. Earlier this month, the two anti-graft agencies unveiled a sweeping investigation into an alleged $100 million kickback scheme at the state atomic energy company that ensnared former senior officials and an ex-business partner of Zelenskyy. In a statement on Friday, the opposition European Solidarity party had called for Yermak's dismissal and his removal from the negotiating team, as well as for a new coalition government and talks with Zelenskyy. Speaking to The Atlantic magazine this week, Yermak had said "no one should count on us giving up territory." Showing progress in fighting corruption is a central element of Kyiv's bid for European Union membership, which Ukrainian officials see as critical to breaking out of Russia's orbit. In a statement before Yermak's resignation was announced, a European Commission spokesperson said Brussels would "continue to follow the situation closely." The two anti-graft agencies have stepped up their campaign during Russia's invasion, but have said they face pressure from vested interests.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/these-retail-names-are-on-our-best-stocks-list-as-the-holiday-season-begins.html
Article: (This is The Best Stocks in the Market , brought to you by Josh Brown and Sean Russo of Ritholtz Wealth Management.) Josh — Happy Thanksgiving, how bout them Cowboys? "The consumer is struggling, the consumer is tapped out, the consumer is on its last legs, the consumer is running on fumes, the consumer this and the consumer that." Lamenting the state of the consumer is almost a daily refrain in the media these days, stemming from a very basic misconception I can clear up right now: There is no such thing as "the consumer." Perhaps there used to be a protypical, stereotypical, homogenized hypostatization of "the consumer" that made sense in the 1970's when everyone worked down at the mill — but that world no longer exists. Over the last five years, she's personally given away over $19 billion to more than 2,000 charities making her, perhaps, one of the most wonderful human beings who has ever lived. A less extreme juxtapository example than Scott and the shovel man - does an AI consultant working at Accenture and living in the Beacon Hill neighborhood of Boston experience the 2025 economy in the same way that the owner of a regional chain of auto collision shops in Phoenix, Arizona does? Imagine a plunging natural gas price picture pummeling specific local economies in Oklahoma and Texas vis-à-vis employment trends and wages whilst simultaneously benefiting lower income people paying their home heating bills in Chicago and Little Rock. And then, when it (inevitably) blows it the next quarter, we get treated to a story about how the consumer is struggling with "headwinds" and "uncertainty." So it's basically "heads we are great retail operators and tails it's someone else's fault." I sometimes think TJX Companies (TJX) was put on earth to embarrass whoever is the current Target CEO, because they execute all year long, every year, regardless of what's going on. For the fourth quarter, management anticipates diluted EPS of $1.33 to $1.36, an increase of 8% to 11% versus last year's $1.23, reinforcing the company's confidence in its momentum heading into year-end. Let's do Ulta… I'm zooming out to a five-year weekly closing price chart so I can repeat something you've heard me say a lot — I don't believe in triple tops. Ulta made a 52-week high at $570 in October with confirming relative strength in the high 60's but the buyers were turned away from a new all-time high, hence the (temporary) triple top. As you can see above, support around the $500 level held twice since then, telling you exactly where you want to set your stop (on a closing weekly basis, don't get whipsawed intraday). DISCLOSURES: (None) All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/google-learning-exec-biggest-leadership-skill-people-struggle-with.html
Article: Search interest in the term "leadership" is at an all-time high, according to Google data, along with related terms like training, best practices, advice on how to lead a team and sources for professional development. The buzz likely stems from people wanting to lead during a time of rapid business changes due to remote and hybrid policies in offices, global politics, changing economic circumstances and the adoption of technology like AI, says Brian Glaser, Google's chief learning officer. As a leadership expert, Glaser tells CNBC Make It that people of all experience levels struggle with one main aspect of being a boss: delivering "really effective feedback so that people are clear about where they stand." Instead, many managers shy away from critical or constructive feedback in the pursuit of being well liked. Glaser's team is behind Google's latest People Management Essentials, a paid course available to the public that covers lessons from over a dozen Google bosses about what it takes to be an excellent leader. In the workplace, meanwhile, telling a report that "they need to improve can be challenging," Glaser says, "but we know through good practice, managers can do this, and it really matters." Black Friday sale: Want to up your AI skills and be more productive? DON'T MISS: How to use AI to be more productive and successful at work Plus, sign up for CNBC Make It's newsletter to get tips and tricks for success at work, with money and in life, and request to join our exclusive community on LinkedIn to connect with experts and peers.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/11/28/ukraine-is-running-out-of-men-money-and-time?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ever since Donald Trump declared that he could end the war in Ukraine “within 24 hours”, much of the world has been waiting to see whether he could force Moscow and Kyiv into a settlement. Any sanctions harsh enough to damage Russia would also hit the wider Western economy, and there is not a single leader in the West willing to saw off the branch they are sitting on. At his confirmation hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Defense Secretary-designate Austin Dahmer said: “I’m not aware of any pause in [US military] aid to Ukraine.” It sounded less like a serious assessment and more like an admission of ignorance. Brussels is now pushing a plan to use frozen Russian assets to back a loan of up to 140 billion euros ($162bn) for Ukraine, which could support Kyiv’s budget and defence spending over the next two years. This leaves Ukraine expanding its own production and fighting with whatever arrives and whatever is not siphoned off by corrupt figures such as Tymur Mindich, who is under investigation in a major procurement case.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/select/shopping/best-black-friday-deals-sales-2025-rcna245656
Article: Best Black Friday Deals Overall 4.7-star average rating from 45,774 reviews on Amazon I put these trackers in my bags, suitcases and wallet, as well as attach them to my keys, so I always know where my belongings are. 4.8-star average rating from 83,578 reviews on Amazon It’s always a good idea to have extra batteries at home, but they’re especially useful around the holidays to power string lights, toys and remotes. 4.5-star average rating from 30,172 reviews on Amazon According to NBC Select tech reporter Harry Rabinowitz, the Apple AirPods 4 are some of the best noise-cancelling earbuds for iPhone users. 4.5-star average rating from 12,266 reviews on Amazon “My skin looks clearer and feels smoother since I started using these exfoliating toner pads,” says NBC Select editorial projects manager Rebecca Rodriguez. “You use the embossed side first to remove dead skin cells, then use the smooth side, which is so soothing on my skin.” The pads are made with 4.5% lactic acid (an AHA) and 0.45% salicylic acid (a BHA) to reduce the appearance of pores, refine skin texture and decrease greasiness, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 570,772 reviews on Amazon Once you connect devices like lamps, fans and coffee makers to Amazon’s smart plugs, you can control them remotely from the Alexa app or via voice commands. 4.8-star average rating from 122,395 reviews on Amazon LifeStraw’s personal water filter, which you use like a straw, is ideal for those who frequently hike or camp, and it’s a great addition to anyone’s emergency kit. It removes over 99% of bacteria, parasites and microplastics from water, and you can use it to filter 1,000 gallons before you need a new one, according to the brand. 4.2-star average rating from 72,511 reviews on Amazon This cordless water flosser, which earned the American Dental Association’s Seal of Acceptance, is an effective alternative to string floss that helps remove gunk between your teeth. It comes with four interchangeable tips that rotate 360 degrees to reach all areas of your mouth, and it has three pressure settings, plus a 7-ounce removable reservoir that holds enough water for 45 seconds of use. 4.5-star average rating from 16,535 reviews on Amazon The Birdie is one of our favorite personal safety keychains, and you can hook it to a bag with the included carabiner. About six weeks later, you’ll get your results online, giving you information about your origins around the world and over 75 traits you may have a propensity for, like cilantro aversion and freckles. 4.2-star average rating from 4,201 reviews on Amazon Upgrade your electric toothbrush with this rechargeable option from Philips, which has a built-in 2-minute timer and vibrates to scrub your teeth. Best Black Friday Tech Deals 4.6-star average rating from 66,998 reviews on Amazon Once you plug Amazon’s Fire Stick into your TV’s HDMI port, you can stream movies, shows and music from your favorite platforms in 4K Ultra HD. The massage gun connects to the Therabody app via Bluetooth, letting you use pre-programmed routines, and it offers about 180 minutes of battery life when fully charged, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 10,732 reviews on Amazon The PlayStation 5 console displays games in 4K, making graphics look vibrant and smooth, and it has 3D sound output to immerse you in different worlds. In addition to thousands of PS5 games, the console is “backwards compatible,” so it works with most PS4 games, too Best Black Friday Home Deals 4.4-star average rating from 119,321 reviews on Amazon Shark’s upright vacuum cleans up messes on carpets and bare floors, and it’s equipped with a HEPA filter to trap dust and allergens. 4.4-star average rating from 101,550 reviews on Amazon I’ve used this spot cleaner to get coffee, red wine, pet accidents and mud out of light-colored carpets and fabric furniture, so it’s a miracle worker in my book. 4.7-star average rating from 17,261 reviews on Amazon I have Aura’s digital picture frame displayed in my living room, and I love watching it flip through my favorite memories — my guests often compliment it, too, so I’ve gifted it to a few loved ones. 5.0-star average rating from 16,177 reviews at Lola Blankets I’m not exaggerating when I say Lola’s double-sided blankets are some of the softest I’ve ever felt, and snuggling in mine is always the most relaxing part of my day. Best Black Friday Kitchen Deals 4.8-star average rating from 19,588 reviews on Amazon I always buy more food containers during the holiday season to store leftovers and to help me prep ingredients before cooking meals for celebrations. 4.4-star average rating from 4,604 reviews on Amazon This single-serve machine lets you brew 8-, 10- or 12-ounce cups of coffee using its large 42-ounce removable water reservoir, so you can make a few cups before refilling it. 4.60-star average rating from 3,021 reviews on Amazon You can put 20 ounces of coffee in this insulated, stainless steel tumbler, which keeps your beverages hot for up to 6 hours or cold for up to 24 hours, according to the brand. 4.2-star average rating from 115,749 reviews on Amazon When you put this kitchen gadget on top of an aluminum can and press the start button, it automatically rotates around the lid to cut it off. It’s the perfect kettle to use for a traditional Argentinian tea called mate, which I drink every day.” The electric kettle, which has a 0.9-liter capacity, also lets you schedule boils in advance, and it automatically shuts off after a period of non-use. Best Black Friday Beauty and Wellness deals 4.6-star average rating from 96,008 reviews on Amazon Cosrx’s essence is made with 96% snail mucin, an ingredient that brightens, plumps and hydrates skin, as well as reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, according to the brand. It’s also a heat protectant up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit, according to the brand, and I use it to break the cast on my curls when I style them with gel. Its filter removes chlorine, heavy metals and other contaminants from water, and it comes with all the materials and instructions you need for installation (which takes less than 10 minutes). 4.3-star average rating from 104,139 reviews on Amazon Color Wow’s Dream Coat spray helps hair repel moisture and humidity to prevent frizz, and it makes hair look glossy and smooth. “I’ve been using the spray for over two years and I don’t remember what it was like to blow dry my hair without it,” says associate commerce social editor Caitlin Cusack. “It makes a noticeable difference in my frizz and leaves my hair feeling soft for days between washes.” The brand recommends reapplying it every three to four shampoos, and there’s also a version for curly hair that I swear by. “They feel soothing and hydrating the instant I put them on, and leave my skin glowy the next morning.” The sheet masks come individually wrapped in a pack of four and are soaked in a serum made from ingredients like niacinamide, collagen peptides and hyaluronic acid. Best Black Friday Travel Deals 4.4-star average rating from 8,374 reviews on Amazon I never travel without this foldable wireless charging pad, which repowers my phone, earbuds and Apple Watch when it’s flat. You can also fold it into a phone stand, as well as a compact disc that takes up very little space in your bag — for easy access, I slip it into an outside pocket of my backpack or suitcase. 3 Lowe’s: Up to 50% off select products sitewide Nordstrom: Up to 60% off sitewide and up to 40% off designer clearance through Sephora: Up to 50% off sitewide, plus new deals daily up to 30% off, through Dec. 2 Starz: $2.99 per month for three months (73% off) when you sign up for a monthly plan Best Tech Sales Tile: Up to 41% off Tile trackers sitewide through Dec. 1 Garmin: Up to $500 of smartwatches and tech for sports, fitness, outdoor recreation and more Hatch: $30 off the Hatch Restore Whoop: Up to 70% off devices, plus discounts on memberships, through Dec. 1 Best Home Sales Best Kitchen Sales Great Jones: Up to 50% off sitewide Our Place: Up to 35% off sitewide Hydro Flask: 25% off sitewide (limited exceptions), plus 50% off the sale section, through Dec. 8 HigherDose: 20% off sitewide with code BFCM2025 and 30% off bundles Larq: Up to 30% off sitewide Flaus: 25% off sitewide and up to 40% off bundles through Dec. 1 Best Travel Sales Away: 25% off sitewide, plus an extra 10% off when you spend $750 Samsonite: Up to 40% off sitewide Calpak: Up to 60% off select items and 20% off sitewide through Dec. 2 How I found The Best Black Friday Deals All of my recommendations above are based on NBC Select’s previous coverage and reporting, including products the NBC Select staff tested firsthand. I also wrote about every deal in this article and worked with NBC Select editors to finalize the live list, which I’m frequently updating throughout Black Friday to reflect the most up-to-date prices.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/pope-leo-xiv-joins-patriarchs-east-west-historic-christian-site-turkey-pray-unity/18222314/
Article: Pope Leo joins patriarchs from East and West at historic Christian site in Turkey to pray for unity IZNIK, Turkey -- Pope Leo XIV joined Eastern and Western patriarchs and priests Friday in commemorating an important anniversary in Christian history, gathering at the site in Turkey of an unprecedented A.D. Leo, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I and other Christian leaders met on the shores of Lake Iznik, the site of the Council of Nicaea that produced a creed, or statement of faith, that is still recited by millions of Christians today. Standing over the ruins of the site, the men recited the creed, which Leo said was "of fundamental importance in the journey that Christians are making toward full communion." "In this way, we are all invited to overcome the scandal of the divisions that unfortunately still exist and to nurture the desire for unity for which the Lord Jesus prayed and gave his life," he said. As a result, celebrating its origins at the site of its creation with the spiritual leaders of the Catholic and Orthodox churches and other Christian representatives marked a historic moment in the centuries-old quest to reunite all Christians. A prayer for unity Roman Emperor Constantine had convened the gathering of bishops from around the Roman Empire after he had consolidated control following years of civil war and political intrigues. The stone foundations of the basilica, which were recently uncovered by the lake's receding waters, are believed to be on the site of an earlier church that hosted the council 1,700 years ago. In his remarks to the men, Leo said all Christians must strongly reject the use of religion to justify war, violence "or any form of fundamentalism or fanaticism." "Instead, the paths to follow are those of fraternal encounter, dialogue and cooperation," he said. A brief protest before Leo arrived Christians are a minority in predominantly Sunni Muslim Turkey, and ahead of the prayer in Iznik, around 20 members of a small Turkish Islamic party staged a brief protest. Under a heavy police presence, Mehmet Kaygusuz, a member of the New Welfare Party, read a statement denouncing what he said were efforts to establish a "Vatican-like Greek Orthodox state" in Turkey. "The significant presence of migrants and refugees in this country presents the church with the challenge of welcoming and serving some of the most vulnerable." Leo later visited with a group of nuns, the Little Sisters of the Poor, who run a nursing home in Istanbul.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5620799/utah-gov-spencer-cox-says-states-should-retain-power-to-regulate-ai
Article: In his recent NPR video interview, he said Utah is promoting more nuclear power plants, yet he also said he worries about the consequences of AI and wants to preserve his state's power to regulate it. And what we're trying to do in Utah is to adopt a human-flourishing model around AI to help companies understand that they have a responsibility not just to make money, but to actually make sure that their products make human life better for all of us and that we should be working closely together. INSKEEP: Are those efforts going to be overwhelmed, though, if we're building more nuclear reactors to build more data centers, to deploy more AI at an unbelievable speed with billions and billions of dollars of investments?

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/denying-baltimores-offensive-issues-after-ravens-struggle-weak-127946546
Article: Baltimore's 32-14 loss to Cincinnati marked the fewest points the Ravens had scored with Lamar Jackson playing since they fell 17-10 in the AFC championship game against Kansas City two seasons ago Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson (8) fumbles the ball during the first half of an NFL football game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Thursday, Nov. “We were not the team we needed to be today to win.” The game against Cincinnati marked the fewest points Baltimore had scored with Jackson playing since the Ravens lost 17-10 in the AFC championship game to Kansas City two seasons ago. Over his last four games, Jackson has completed just 56% of his passes, averaging 7.0 yards per attempt, with one touchdown, three interceptions and 10 sacks — good for a passer rating of 69.7. "I know we are, because I’m going to make sure that this offense gets going the way it’s supposed to be.” With Joe Burrow back for Cincinnati, this was the toughest offense the Ravens had faced in a while, and although the defense wilted a bit in the second half, it kept Baltimore in the game until then. He actually produced season highs Thursday with five catches for 95 yards, but just when it appeared he was going to put the Ravens up 14-6 in the second quarter, the fumble turned the game in Cincinnati's favor.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/ohio-lt-gov-jim-tressel-puts-iconic-red-127947293
Article: Jim Tressel puts his iconic red sweater-vest on the line ahead of Michigan showdown By The Associated Press FILE - Former Ohio State head coach Jim Tressel watches a scoreboard tribute for the 2002 national championship team during the second quarter of an NCAA college football game between Notre Dame and Ohio State, Sept. (AP Photo/David Dermer, File) FILE - Former Ohio State head coach Jim Tressel watches a scoreboard tribute for the 2002 national championship team during the second quarter of an NCAA college football game between Notre Dame and Ohio State, Sept. Jim Tressel, known for sporting a red sweater-vest when he led the Ohio State football team, may be feeling blue if the Buckeyes lose to the University of Michigan on Saturday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/kansas-city-chiefs-playoff-hopes-dim-after-demoralizing-127946663
Article: The Kansas City Chiefs are struggling this season, sitting at 6-6 after a tough 31-28 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Thursday Dallas Cowboys wide receiver George Pickens (3) celebrates after catching a two-point conversion as Kansas City Chiefs cornerback Jaylen Watson (35) reacts during the second half of an NFL football game Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez) Dallas Cowboys wide receiver George Pickens (3) celebrates after catching a two-point conversion as Kansas City Chiefs cornerback Jaylen Watson (35) reacts during the second half of an NFL football game Thursday, Nov. The Chiefs' once-high flying offense was rolling when it wasn't committing penalties, while a defense that had been playing well was gashed by the Cowboys — when it, too, wasn't committing penalties. But we've shown we can lose to anybody.” The Chiefs (6-6) were coming off an uplifting win over the AFC South-leading Colts, and they beat the playoff-contending Lions earlier this season. But they have lost to the majority of teams angling for the postseason, including the AFC West-rival Chargers and Broncos, two teams that Kansas City gets to face again down the stretch. "So, the ceiling can be what it is, but until you put it on the football field, you won’t be able to go out there and win football games.” The biggest problem Thursday has been a big problem all season: penalties. Many came at the most inopportune of times, such as the pair of pass interference calls when Kansas City was trying to get the ball back in the closing minutes of the game. But we had too many opportunities that we gave away, and with two good teams playing each other, you can’t have those things.” If the Chiefs were winning more games, Mahomes would be in the conversation for a third MVP. Rice missed the first six games of the season because of an NFL suspension but still has 42 catches for 486 yards and five scores, numbers that would translate to 119 for 1,377 and 14 scores over a full season.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/suspect-in-washington-dc-shooting-charged-with-murder-after-soldier-dies?traffic_source=rss
Article: Washington, DC – A man who allegedly attacked two National Guard members in the United States capital has been charged with murder after one of his victims died from her wounds. They came two days after Rahmanullah Lakanwal, a 29-year-old Afghan national, shot West Virginia National Guard members Sarah Beckstrom, 20, and Andrew Wolfe, 24, just blocks from the White House. Late Thursday, US President Donald Trump announced that Beckstrom, who had been deployed to the capital as part of what the president has framed as an anti-crime drive, had died of her wounds. Pirro made the announcement on the Fox and Friends TV programme, a day after she said that Washington state resident Lakanwal would face three counts of assault with intent to kill while armed and three counts of possession of a firearm during a crime of violence. “There are certainly many more charges to come, but we are upgrading the initial charges from assault to murder in the first degree.” Attorney General Pam Bondi had previously said she would seek the death penalty if either of the soldiers died from the attack. ‘Collective punishment’ The upgraded charges come shortly after the Trump administration promised a widespread crackdown on immigration in the wake of the attack, as well as a revetting of immigrants already in the US. In a social media post on Thursday night, Trump said he would “permanently pause migration from all Third World Countries”, expanding a previous move to stop all immigration requests relating to Afghan nationals. The administration had already said it would re-vet refugees and asylum seekers admitted into the US under former President Joe Biden, with the director of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) saying on Thursday that it would conduct a “full-scale, rigorous reexamination of every Green Card for every alien from every country of concern”. Trump administration officials have repeatedly blamed the shooting on lax vetting policies during Biden’s Operation Afghans Welcome, in which tens of thousands of Afghans were relocated to the US following the withdrawal of Western forces from the country. A friend told The New York Times that Lakanwal had suffered mental health issues related to the unit’s conduct, which Human Rights Watch has said included extrajudicial and civilian killings, among other abuses.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/national-guard-shooting-suspect-charged-murder-rcna246319
Article: "There are certainly many more charges to come, but we are upgrading the initial charges of assault to murder in the first degree," Pirro said in an interview on Fox News. National Guard soldier Sarah Beckstrom, 20, died on Thanksgiving Day; she was one of two National Guard soldiers who were shot on Wednesday near Farragut Square Metro Station in Washington D.C. "We are doing everything we can to assist his family and to make sure that they have everything they need during this difficult time for them." Sarah Beckstrom, left, and Andrew Wolfe, the National Guard members who were shot in Washington D.C., on Wednesday. "The individual who did this will pay the ultimate price, according to the Attorney General Pam Bondi, as well he should — once and if a jury returns a verdict that we will be seeking in this case," Pirro said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/pop-stars-announce-flurry-donations-support-victims-hong-127946919
Article: K-pop bands including aespa have announced donations to support victims of a deadly apartment fire in Hong Kong K-pop stars announce flurry of donations to support victims of Hong Kong tower fire By The Associated Press SEOUL, South Korea -- K-pop band aespa and other South Korean pop stars have announced a flurry of donations to support victims of an apartment fire in Hong Kong that killed at least 128 people in one of the city’s deadliest blazes. Organizers of the MAMA AWARDS, an annual two-day K-pop awards ceremony scheduled for Friday and Saturday in Hong Kong, faced online criticism in South Korea for not canceling the event in light of the fire tragedy.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm20169gz44o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Prostate cancer screening should not be offered to most UK men, say experts 1 hour ago Share Save James Gallagher Health and science correspondent Share Save Getty Images A screening programme for prostate cancer for all men in the UK is not justified, according to a hugely influential group of experts. Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images Sir Chris Hoy - pictured here with his wife Sarra and First Minister John Swinney in August to discuss tackling prostate cancer - said he was "disappointed and saddened" This is a crucial moment after more than a year of intense campaigning and lobbying involving former prime ministers, celebrities and campaigning charities. Many prostate cancers grow so slowly you would have to live to 120-150 years old before they were a threat - so they do not need treating, the National Screening Committee said. The UK National Screening Committee recommends: no screening programme for all men as it is "likely to cause more harm than good" no screening for black men due to "uncertainties" around the impact due to a lack of clinical trials in black men no screening based on family history but screening should be offered every two years for men between the ages of 45 and 61 if they have specific genetic mutations - called BRCA variants. Prof Freddie Hamdy, who is also a urological surgeon in Oxford, told me: "The diagnosis of prostate cancer in a healthy man is a hugely disruptive event – with potential to affect quality of life, very significantly, for many years. Today is the start of a three-month consultation before the committee meets again and gives its final advice to ministers in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland who will each have to make their own decision on prostate screening. Wes Streeting, Health Secretary in England, responded saying he wants screening "provided this is backed by evidence" and that he would examine the evidence "thoroughly" ahead of the final advice in March. Cancer Research UK said it was "good news" that screening was being considered for men with faulty BRCA genes and that they "support the committee's conclusion" that screening could cause more harm than good for other groups of men. Sir Stephen Fry, who is an ambassador for the charity, said "men in the UK deserve so much better" and added "I hope the country sees sense." A huge clinical trial - called Transform - has now started to try to fill gaps in the evidence on how screening could be safely rolled out to other groups, including those with a family history and black men.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/suspect-in-shooting-of-national-guard-members-now-facing-a-first-degree-murder-charge
Article: Attorney Jeanine Pirro’s office said the charges against Rahmanullah Lakanwal, 29, now include one count of first-degree murder, three counts of possession of a firearm during a crime of violence and two counts of assault with intent to kill while armed. She said her heart goes out to the family of Beckstrom, who volunteered to serve and “ended up being shot ambush-style on the cold streets of Washington, D.C., by an individual who will now be charged with murder in the first degree.” Pirro declined to discuss the suspect’s motive, saying officials have been working around the clock on that question. He ordered flags to be flown at half-staff in recognition of Beckstrom’s death “These two West Virginia heroes were serving our country and protecting our nation’s capital when they were maliciously attacked,” Morrisey said. Lakanwal worked in one of the special Zero Units in the southern province of Kandahar, according to a resident of the eastern Afghan province of Khost who identified himself as Lakanwal’s cousin. Beckstrom ‘exemplified leadership, dedication, and professionalism’ Beckstrom had enlisted in 2023, the same year she graduated high school, and served with distinction as a military police officer with the 863rd Military Police Company, the West Virginia National Guard said in a statement. It has since faced intense scrutiny from Trump and others over allegations of gaps in the vetting process, even as advocates say there was extensive vetting and the program offered a lifeline to people at risk of Taliban reprisals. Citizenship and Immigration Services Joseph Edlow said in a statement that the agency would take additional steps to screen people from 19 “high-risk” countries “to the maximum degree possible.” Edlow didn’t name the countries.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/28/canadas-third-quarter-annualised-gdp-surprises-with-growth-of-2-6-percent?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media Canada’s economy grew at a much faster pace than expected in the third quarter as crude oil exports and government spending boosted economic activity, data shows, even as business investments and household consumption disappointed due to the lingering uncertainty over United States tariffs. Third-quarter annualised gross domestic product (GDP) grew 2.6 percent, Statistics Canada said on Friday, escaping what could have been a technical recession after a contraction in the previous quarter of a downwardly revised 1.8 percent. The statistics agency said the third-quarter number could be subjected to a larger-than-normal revision in February because foreign merchandise trade data was not available due to the recent US government shutdown. On a month-over-month basis, the economy matched analysts’ predictions following a deceleration of an upwardly revised 0.1 percent in the prior month, StatsCan said, primarily driven by a 1.6 percent expansion in manufacturing output. Advertisement “Headline growth was flattered by a large drop in imports which masked underlying weakness in domestic demand as households and businesses spent less,” Tony Stillo, head of Canada Economics at Oxford Economics, and senior economist Michael Davenport, said in comments emailed to Al Jazeera. “We still think the Canadian economy is in a fragile position and expect it will struggle to grow in the near term amid US tariffs, elevated trade policy uncertainty, and much slower population growth.” Tariff hit US tariffs on critical sectors have hit Canadian exports hard. But a 6.7 percent increase in crude oil and bitumen exports, along with a 2.9 percent increase in government capital investments, helped cushion some of the impact, and higher crude oil exports also helped boost corporate income in the third quarter, StatsCan’s data showed. The Bank of Canada said last month that it will keep its key interest rate on hold at 2.25 percent and take action only when there is a significant change in the economic outlook. “Overall final domestic demand was flat in Q3, so the stronger-than-expected rebound in headline GDP more so reflects a mathematical boost from falling imports rather than underlying economic strength,” warned Stillo and Davenport.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/jenin-killings-highlight-israeli-system-of-total-impunity-rights-groups?traffic_source=rss
Article: Human rights groups and the United Nations have condemned the “execution” of two Palestinian men by Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank this week, saying the incident highlights a “systematic policy” by Israel. A spokesperson for the UN human rights office on Friday condemned the “brazen killing” in the northern West Bank city of Jenin a day earlier, which was caught on camera, as “yet another apparent summary execution”. He said Israeli forces and settlers have killed at least 1,030 Palestinians in the occupied West Bank, including East Jerusalem, between October 7, 2023 and November 27 of this year, according to the latest UN data. Israel has faced widespread condemnation since footage from Jenin on Thursday showed its forces shooting two unarmed Palestinian men at close range as they attempted to surrender to the military during a raid. Witnesses said the men – later identified as Al-Muntasir Billah Abdullah, 26, and Youssef Asasa, 37 – had raised their shirts to indicate they were unarmed before Israeli forces ordered them back into a building that they had been holed up in. “This reflects Israel’s widespread and systematic policy of extrajudicial and wilful killings across the occupied Palestinian territory,” the group said, including in Israel’s genocidal war against Palestinians in the Gaza Strip. “We call on the international community to act now, impose sanctions and ensure accountability.” ‘Total impunity’ The Israeli military said in a statement on Thursday, “The incident is under review by the commanders on the ground, and will be transferred to the relevant professional bodies.” But experts have noted that Israel rarely opens criminal investigations into the killings of Palestinians by the military – even when there is footage of the incidents – and soldiers directly involved are seldom held to account. Shortly after the killings in Jenin, Netanyahu’s National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir wrote on social media that Israeli forces “acted exactly as expected of them – terrorists must die!” Ben-Gvir has been pushing for Israel to impose the death penalty for so-called “terrorism” offences – a measure that rights advocates say would apply “exclusively against Palestinians”. The entire ‘investigating mechanisms’ in Israel are whitewashed … and their goal is to pretend like they’re investigating [while] actually [giving] the perpetrators total impunity.” He added that Ben-Gvir’s remarks, appearing to celebrate the killings in Jenin, demonstrate that Israel has no intention of conducting a credible investigation.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn41zz0734do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: RuPaul's Drag Race UK winner reveals plan for prize money 48 minutes ago Share Save Naomi Clarke , BBC Newsbeat and Georgia Levy-Collins , BBC Newsbeat Share Save BBC The Drag Race UK finalists were put through their paces one last time RuPaul's Drag Race UK series seven winner has said she will be celebrating by spending some of the prize money on a trip for her and the show's runner-up. The four finalists sat down with judges RuPaul and Michelle Visage to reflect on their time on the reality show and served up some dazzling final looks before Silllexa and Catrin were asked to sashay away. BBC/World of Wonder/Guy Levy Bones entered the world of drag seven years ago and is now a popular fixture in Soho's scene in London Following a lively performance, Bones was declared the winner and secured the £25,000 cash prize. Bones said now that the UK spin-off is on its seventh series, the art form has become more popular, but also "more saturated", meaning that its "down to the queens to make (things) happen for themselves now". BBC/World of Wonder/Guy Levy Bones, known as Paul Greaves out of drag, was joined by their mother Diane during the final Drag Race fan Benjy Kusi told BBC Newsbeat that he feels Bones is a "really worthy winner". Abena Kusi Benjy Kusi said he feels Bones is a "really worthy winner" Drag Race remains popular, but fans have complained that various spin-offs, including versions in Europe, Canada and Australia, have over-saturated the brand. "It's very flattened and we don't learn as much." Reflecting on this, Bones told Newsbeat: "I don't think I could ever say it's tired because baby, if it's working, it's working, and it's been working for a long time." However, the drag star said they did enjoy how other versions changed up the format and suggested the UK edition could "mix it up a bit", but said she "loved" her series.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3w781vp33zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Predatory' head teacher struck off after exposing himself in school 4 hours ago Share Save Maria Cassidy BBC Wales Share Save Cadle Primary School / X James 'Jamie' Richards served as head teacher of Cadle Primary School from 2011 to 2021 A head teacher from Swansea who exposed himself to members of staff in school and while on a school trip has been banned from working in schools in Wales for at least 15 years. Richards did not appear at the Education Workforce Council (EWC) hearing - the professional regulator for the education staff in Wales - nor was he represented, and he did not respond to the allegations against him. The women feared they would not be believed if they reported his actions - and one said she felt justified in that belief when South Wales Police were alerted but decided there was no criminal case to answer in late 2021, the panel was told. She told the hearing she felt let down by the school and the police, and was very upset Richards had been able to resign from his post during an internal investigation after he was suspended in 2021. However a Swansea Council fraud team followed Richards while he claimed to be ill and filmed him driving and going with a group of friends to play golf, the panel heard. EWC presenting officer, Sara Lewis, said it was an aggravating feature that he not only abused his position of trust but also told his frightened victims not to say anything. The panel said it did not have any information on his current work, or whether he intended to try to return to the teaching profession, but said they had no alternative but to strike him off the EWC register.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g9xx3847po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Callous' beheading of stag prompts police investigation 5 hours ago Share Save Barry O'Connor BBC News NI Share Save Fingal County Council The eight-year-old stag (pictured) was part of the herd at Newbridge Demesne, Donabate in County Dublin A council in the Republic of Ireland is seeking information following the "callous" beheading of a stag. Fingal County Council has issued an appeal for information after the headless body of the stag, that was part of a herd at Newbridge Demesne, Donabate in County Dublin, was found by staff on Thursday. Fingal County Council Ivan Smith, foreman of Works at Newbridge House and Traditional Farm, said: "He was a lovely stag" "It had been killed overnight [on Wednesday] by intruders who had broken into the park. It is illegal to kill deer without a licence and I hope that the perpetrators can be brought to justice." Ivan Smith, foreman of Works at Newbridge House and Traditional Farm, said the team was "absolutely shocked" by the incident. "He was a lovely stag with a beautiful pair of antlers and was a big favourite with the public who walk through the park." 'Unnecessary killing' Ireland's National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (NSPCA) have expressed "horror" at the attack.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/stock-market-next-week-outlook-for-december-1-5-2025.html
Article: Wall Street is hoping that December continues its historical track record of proving one of the year's seasonally strongest months of the year, sparking a stock market turnaround just in time for a year-end rally. On Friday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S & P 500 ended the month fractionally higher, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite felt the brunt of the decline, falling almost 2%. Historically, since 1950, it's the third-best month of the year for the Dow and S & P 500; it's also the third-best month for the Nasdaq, since 1971, according to the Stock Trader's Almanac. Wall Street is coming off robust third-quarter earnings, with the S & P 500 set to post a blended growth rate of 13%, meaning companies have navigated higher prices and higher tariffs to exceed consensus expectations. This week, Raymond James' Javed Mirza, the firm's managing director for quantitative/technical strategy, said some recently triggered technical indicators point to a "corrective phase" that could drive down the S & P 500 as much as 10% in the next three months.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/stock-market-swings-got-you-reeling-answering-6-questions-will-help.html
Article: It's no surprise that the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) — widely known as the "fear index" — has been elevated in November and hit its highest levels since President Donald Trump's "Liberation Day" back in April. After all, we're closing out a strong quarter, in which 83% of S & P 500 companies that have reported so far have beaten Street earnings expectations, and 76% have beaten revenue expectations. As legendary investor and economist Benjamin Graham once said, "In the short term, the stock market is a voting machine." Over the long term, stock prices tend to catch up with a company's performance. Don't forget to account for any changes in the growth rate (for this, we use the PEG multiple ) or investor sentiment, which may cause investors to pay up or value earnings less than they used to, all else being equal. From there, we can adjust that based on the multiples we see at other firms like Bank of America or Citigroup , and using those three valuations, try to determine where a reformed Wells Fargo deserves to trade. There are many tools for technical analysis, but given our focus on bottom-up analysis, we prefer to keep it simple or defer to true market technicians, as Jim Cramer often does on " Mad Money ." Some things to look for include where the 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages cross, longer-term trend lines, or horizontal support lines. However, if the chart shows that long-term support hasn't held — for example, the stock breaks down further after falling below the 200-day moving average — hold off, as the stock could be a "falling knife" at that point. If the position is a relatively decent size, say 50% of full weighting or more, consider waiting for larger declines so that each buy can have a greater impact in reducing your overall cost basis . (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/28/global-futures-reopen-after-exchange-operator-cme-hit-by-hours-long-outage?traffic_source=rss
Article: Global futures markets were thrown into chaos for several hours after CME Group, the world’s largest exchange operator, suffered one of its longest outages in years, halting trading across stocks, bonds, commodities and currencies. By 13:35 GMT on Friday, trading in foreign exchange, stock and bond futures as well as other products had resumed, after having been knocked out for more than 11 hours because of an outage at an important data centre, according to LSEG data. The disruption stopped trading in major currency pairs on CME’s EBS platform, as well as benchmark futures for West Texas Intermediate crude, Nasdaq 100, Nikkei, palm oil and gold, according to LSEG data. ‘A black eye’ Trading volumes have been thinned out this week by the United States Thanksgiving holiday, and with dealers looking to close positions for the end of the month, there was a risk of volatility picking up sharply later on, market participants said. “It’s a black eye to the CME and probably an overdue reminder of the importance of market structure and how interconnected all these are,” Ben Laidler, head of equity strategy at Bradesco BBI, said. “Beyond the immediate risk of traders being unable to close positions – and the potential costs that follow – the incident raises broader concerns about reliability,” said Axel Rudolph, senior technical analyst at trading platform IG. Biggest exchange operator CME is the biggest exchange operator by market value and says it offers the widest range of benchmark products, spanning rates, equities, metals, energy, cryptocurrencies and agriculture. The CME outage on Friday comes more than a decade after the operator had to shut electronic trading for some agricultural contracts in April 2014 due to technical problems, which at the time sent traders back onto the floor.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/28/chelsea-vs-arsenal-premier-league-teams-start-time-lineups?traffic_source=rss
Article: Who: Chelsea and Arsenal What: English Premier League Where: Stamford Bridge, London, United Kingdom When: Sunday, November 30 at 4:30pm (16:30 GMT) How to follow: We’ll have all the build-up on Al Jazeera Sport from 14:30 GMT in advance of our text commentary stream. “What they have done in the last few years, the squad that they assembled, the numbers that they have, the quality that they have, the number of coaches they have, it makes sense that what is happening there is very, very positive and they deserve to be there.” The former Arsenal and Spain midfielder said Chelsea were one of the teams he most enjoyed watching. They are in really good form, and we know the challenge, we know the opportunity that we have as well on Sunday, so we are fully ready for it.” Are Chelsea really the biggest threat to Arsenal? Brazil forward Estevao has quickly established himself at Chelsea and has been one of the most exciting players this season, with nine goals in his last 13 games for club and country. On a wave of optimism and a growing belief it will end its long wait for a first league title since 2004, when Arsene Wenger’s “Invincibles” went unbeaten for the entire top-flight campaign. Coach Enzo Maresca is in his second season in the Premier League and has a squad packed with inexperience, while Chelsea produced their standout performance of the campaign to beat Barcelona 3-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday. Wednesday’s 3-1 demolition of European powerhouse Bayern Munich was further evidence of Arsenal’s credentials to win the biggest prizes, not only this title but perhaps the Champions League as well. He has done fantastic in the past, and no doubt he is going to do very good things for this club in the future.” Palmer has been out since September with a groin injury. Arsenal team news Leandro Trossard faces tests to see if the forward will be available for Arsenal after being substituted in the first half of the midweek win against Bayern Munich. “I’m quite confident, especially the way Gabi takes every injury and the way he’s going to push everybody, that it’s not going to be that long,” his manager Arteta said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/ahead-of-a-tight-presidential-election-honduras-braces-for-controversy?traffic_source=rss
Article: “It’s the same thing people always say: ‘I hope there isn’t a sh** show.’” Unclear poll results Part of the uncertainty ahead of this year’s election stems from the poll numbers. Voters on Sunday are most likely to choose between Rixi Moncada, the candidate for Castro’s left-leaning LIBRE Party; Salvador Nasralla of the centre-right Liberal Party; and Nasry “Tito” Asfura of the conservative National Party. But on October 29, Marlon Ochoa, the LIBRE representative, delivered audio to prosecutors that purported to capture a conversation between his CNE colleague Cossette Lopez and an unnamed military official. “The same groups that violated the Constitution in the 2009 coup and perpetrated the electoral frauds of 2013 and 2017 are now attempting once again to supplant the will of the people, sow chaos, and hijack popular sovereignty,” she wrote. “The Honduran right, financed by the country’s economic power groups, has triggered an insane media campaign against the candidate of the LIBRE party, Rixi Moncada.” Another activist, Guido Eguguire, told Al Jazeera that he feared a repeat of the 2017 election cycle. It’s been part of our story.” The Organization of American States, comprised of 33 member countries, has already announced it plans to send 100 election monitors to Honduras for Sunday’s vote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/georgia-marks-year-protests-eu-talks-stalled-crackdown-127949155
Article: Protesters in Tbilisi have marked a year of continuous demonstrations against Georgia's decision to halt EU membership talks Georgia marks a year of protests since EU talks stalled and crackdown intensified Demonstrators with Georgian and EU flags gather in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi, on Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Zurab Tsertsvadze) TBILISI, Georgia -- Crowds of demonstrators gathered in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi on Friday to mark 365 days of non-stop protests against the government's decision to halt talks on joining the European Union. Protester Sopo Batilashvili accused the government of taking away “the future our ancestors fought for and that we were proud of.” Georgia’s ruling Georgian Dream party has tried to curb the movement by tightening rules on public assemblies, as well as passing a wave of laws targeting rights groups, nongovernmental organizations and independent media. “For my children and grandchildren, I don’t want a country where they cannot speak openly, where they will be treated unjustly and won’t find justice,” she told The Associated Press. Tina Bokuchava, chairperson of the United National Movement, said the ruling party founded by Bidzina Ivanishvili, a billionaire who made his fortune in Russia, “is essentially fulfilling every single strategic objective that Vladimir Putin had vis-à-vis Georgia.” Despite the suspension of accession talks, Georgian Dream officials insist the country’s European path remains unchanged.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/palantir-ai-selloff-worst-month.html
Article: Analysts at RBC Capital Markets raised concerns about the company's "increasingly concentrated growth profile," while Deutsche Bank called the valuation "very difficult to wrap our heads around." Adding fuel to the post-earnings selloff was the revelation that Burry is betting against Palantir and AI chipmaker Nvidia . Burry, who is widely known for predicting the housing crisis that occurred in 2008 and his portrayal in the film "The Big Short," later accused hyperscalers of artificially boosting earnings. Palantir CEO Alex Karp vocally hit the front lines, appearing twice in one week on CNBC, where he accused Burry of "market manipulation" and called the investor's actions "egregious." "The idea that chips and ontology is what you want to short is bats--- crazy," Karp told CNBC's "Squawk Box." Despite the vicious selloff, Palantir has notched some deal wins this month. Karp, who has long defended the company, didn't miss an opportunity to clap back at his critics, arguing in a letter to shareholders that the company is making it feasible for everyday investors to attain rates of return once "limited to the most successful venture capitalists in Palo Alto." "Please turn on the conventional television and see how unhappy those that didn't invest in us are," Karp said during an earnings call.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/will-cj-stroud-play-versus-Indianapolis-colts-countdown-kickoff/17377270/
Article: Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock Watch Eyewitness News and ABC13 originals around the clock HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- The Houston Texans enter this week versus the Indianapolis Colts on a three-game winning streak on the season. While at least one sportsbook has the Colts as the favorite to win, the Associated Press thinks the Texans will pull off an upset, therefore tightening the AFC South playoff race between Houston, Indianapolis, and the Jacksonville Jaguars. Week 17: Dec 28 at Los Angeles Chargers - TBD Week 18: Jan 1 - 4 vs Colts (Texans Flex Game) - TBD ABC13 is the Houston Texans' Official TV Partner. Texans rookie wide receiver Jayden Higgins aims to make big impact in 2025 season When rookie WR Jayden Higgins got the call that he was going to be a Houston Texan, he felt it was the best landing to kick off his pro career.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cn41z731v9eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Lando Norris could qualify only third for the sprint race at the Qatar Grand Prix on the weekend the McLaren driver could clinch the world title for the first time. Piastri, who has seen Norris make up 50 points on him since he won the Dutch Grand Prix at the end of August said: "It's been a good day, which is nice for a change. The pace was there all day." Norris said: "The pace was there, I just made a mistake in the last corner on my first lap and didn't put it together. "It's impossible to overtake, so I think I am probably going to finish P3 but if I can at least get George off the line, that's probably the most I can hope for." There are eight points for a win in the sprint, seven for second and so on down to eighth place.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/death-toll-rises-to-128-in-hong-kong-residential-fire-as-8-more-arrested-over-towers-renovation
Article: HONG KONG (AP) — Hong Kong firefighters found dozens more bodies Friday in an intensive apartment-by-apartment search of a high-rise complex where a massive fire engulfed seven buildings, and authorities arrested another 8 people involved in the towers’ renovation. First responders found that some fire alarms in the complex, which housed many older people, did not sound when tested, said Andy Yeung, the director of Hong Kong Fire Services, though he did not say how many were not working or if others were. READ MORE: What to know about the deadly apartment fire in Hong Kong The blaze jumped rapidly from one building to the next as foam panels and bamboo scaffolding covered in netting apparently installed by a construction company caught fire. Authorities on Friday arrested seven men and one woman, ranging in age from 40 to 63, including scaffolding subcontractors, directors of an engineering consultant company and project managers supervising the renovation, the Independent Commission Against Corruption said in a statement. On Friday, crews prioritized apartments from which they had received emergency calls during the blaze but were unable to reach in the hours that the fire burned out of control, Derek Armstrong Chan, a deputy director of Hong Kong Fire Services, told reporters. The apartment complex of eight, 31-story buildings in Tai Po district, a suburb near Hong Kong’s border with mainland China, was built in the 1980s and had been undergoing a major renovation. Highly flammable foam panels blamed Three men — the directors and an engineering consultant of a construction company — were arrested Thursday on suspicion of manslaughter, and police said company leaders were suspected of gross negligence. Police have not identified the company where the suspects worked, but documents posted to the homeowners association’s website showed that the Prestige Construction & Engineering Company was in charge of renovations.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/hezbollah-leader-promises-response-to-israels-strike-killing-top-commander?traffic_source=rss
Article: In a televised speech on Friday, Qassem called the killing of Haytham Ali Tabtabai “a blatant aggression and a heinous crime”, adding that the Lebanese armed group has “the right to respond, and we will determine the timing for that.” “Do you expect a war later? Qassem did not explicitly say what the group’s role would be in any new war, but said Lebanon should prepare a plan to confront Israel that relies on “its army and its people”. Qassem insisted that Hezbollah has respected the November 2024 ceasefire that sought to end over a year of fighting with Israel, and demanded an end to continuing Israeli attacks on Lebanon. But Hezbollah has said it is unwilling to let go of its arms as long as Israel continues to launch attacks on Lebanese territory and station its forces at five locations across southern Lebanon. In a separate attack last week, at least 13 people were killed in an Israeli air strike on a Palestinian refugee camp in southern Lebanon, according to the Lebanese Ministry of Public Health.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8e9d13x2z7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Airbus requests immediate modifications to thousands of aircraft 15 minutes ago Share Save Theo Leggett International Business Correspondent Share Save Getty Images Airbus has requested immediate modifications to thousands of aircraft after discovering that intense radiation from the sun could corrupt data crucial to flight controls. About 6,000 planes are thought to be affected, about half the European aerospace giant's global fleet, but it is understood most will be able to undergo a simple software update. Wizz Air said some of its aircraft were among those that require updates and that it had scheduled the necessary maintenance, while Air India said the directive from Airbus could lead to delays.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/national-guard-shooting-suspect-faces-upgraded-first-degree-murder-charge
Article: Attorney Jeanine Pirro’s office said the charges against Rahmanullah Lakanwal, a 29-year-old Afghan national who worked with the CIA during the Afghanistan War, now include one count of first-degree murder, three counts of possession of a firearm during a crime of violence and two counts of assault with intent to kill while armed. She said her heart goes out to the family of Beckstrom, who volunteered to serve and “ended up being shot ambush-style on the cold streets of Washington, D.C., by an individual who will now be charged with murder in the first degree.” Pirro declined to discuss the suspect’s motive, saying officials have been working around the clock on that question. He ordered flags to be flown at half-staff in recognition of Beckstrom’s death “These two West Virginia heroes were serving our country and protecting our nation’s capital when they were maliciously attacked,” Morrisey said. from poorer countries Lakanwal had briefly worked as an independent contractor for Amazon Flex, which allows people to use their own cars to deliver packages, a company spokesperson shared with The Associated Press. Lakanwal worked in one of the special Zero Units in the southern province of Kandahar, according to a resident of the eastern Afghan province of Khost who identified himself as Lakanwal’s cousin. Beckstrom ‘exemplified leadership, dedication, and professionalism’ Beckstrom had enlisted in 2023, the same year she graduated high school, and served with distinction as a military police officer with the 863rd Military Police Company, the West Virginia National Guard said in a statement. Safe and Beautiful, helping to ensure the safety and security of our nation’s capital.” The president called Beckstrom an “incredible person, outstanding in every single way.” On Wednesday night, Trump called for the reinvestigation of all Afghan refugees who had entered under the Biden administration initiative that brought roughly 76,000 people to the country, many of whom had worked as interpreters and translators. The program has faced intense scrutiny from Trump and others over allegations of gaps in the vetting process, even as advocates say there was extensive vetting and the program offered a lifeline to people at risk of Taliban reprisals. Citizenship and Immigration Services Joseph Edlow said in a statement that the agency would take additional steps to screen people from 19 “high-risk” countries “to the maximum degree possible.” Edlow didn’t name the countries.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/28/stocks-end-november-mixed-despite-a-strong-thanksgiving-week-rally.html
Article: The S & P 500 gained nearly 4% for the week, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average added more than 3% — a strong enough showing for each to eke out gains for the month. And while the Nasdaq Composite ended the week higher by more than 4%, it wasn't enough to overcome selling earlier in the month triggered by valuation concerns about the artificial intelligence trade. Counterpoint Research data on Wednesday showed that Apple is on track to dethrone Samsung as the world's top smartphone maker this year — an achievement the iPhone maker hasn't seen in over a decade. That's because Alphabet's AI expansion could drive more sales for Broadcom's crucial networking and custom chips businesses, which was a key reason the Club started a position in the stock. Fellow chipmaker Nvidia went the other way, with shares hitting a nearly three-month low on Tuesday as those same reports highlighted how some big tech companies are looking for alternatives to Nvidia's chips. NVDA YTD mountain Nvidia (NVDA) year-to-date performance And while we didn't see any earnings from the portfolio this past week, Dick's Sporting Goods ' quarterly report was great news for Club holding Nike . "If you take a look at what they did with their running construct, what they did with Pegasus, what they did with Vomero, what they did with Structure, this running concept has done extremely well on the Dick's side, and where it's been put into Foot Locker stores, it's done really well there too." Nike stock jumped nearly 3% week to date. "Palo Alto Networks is setting itself apart in the AI era by adding two platforms just as their respective markets hit key inflection points," Jeff Marks, the Investing Club's director of portfolio analysis, wrote in a trade alert. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckglrdg6kz7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: UN panel says Israel operating 'de facto policy of torture' The United Nations committee on torture says there is evidence that Israel is operating a "de facto state policy of organised and widespread torture". Under Israel's laws on administrative detention and on Unlawful Combatants – suspects who cannot be classed as prisoner of war - they can be held for long periods without access to a lawyer or family members. It said evidence of a "de facto state policy of organised and widespread torture" by Israel was one of the acts which constitute the crime of genocide under international law.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-are-you-stupid-trump-rebuffs-reporters-question-on-afghan-resettlement-vetting
Article: After Trump claimed on Thursday that Afghans fleeing the Taliban were never vetted under a Biden-era program, CBS News White House correspondent Nancy Cordes offered additional reporting and asked a follow-up question. President Donald Trump called a journalist “stupid” for attempting to fact-check his claim that the Biden administration didn’t vet Afghan nationals who came to the United States, related to the shooting of two National Guard members in Washington. “Your [Department of Justice Inspector General] just reported this year that there was thorough vetting by DHS and by the FBI of these Afghans who were brought into the U.S.,” Cordes said, asking why Trump blamed the Biden administration. “They came in on a plane along with thousands of other people that shouldn’t be here, and you’re just asking questions because you’re a stupid person.” “Because they let them in,” Trump said. Are you a stupid person?” WATCH: Investigations of National Guard shooting reveal suspect worked for CIA in Afghanistan “They came in on a plane along with thousands of other people that shouldn’t be here, and you’re just asking questions because you’re a stupid person,” Trump said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/long-awaited-3-6-billion-in-federal-heating-assistance-released-to-states-and-tribes
Article: (AP) — Approximately $3.6 billion in delayed funding for the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, or LIHEAP, was released Friday to states and tribes, according to the National Energy Assistance Directors Association. WATCH: Utility assistance frozen after Trump administration fires program’s staff “This release of LIHEAP funding is essential and long overdue,” Mark Wolfe, executive director of NEADA, said in a statement. Wolfe said delays in both programs during the shutdown “put many households in an even more precarious situation than usual.” While Friday’s funding release is welcome news, he said the need for assistance “remains enormous,” especially given rising energy prices.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/opposition-ndp-party-claims-victory-in-saint-vincent-and-the-grenadines?traffic_source=rss
Article: Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is set for a change in leadership for the first time in more than two decades, with opposition leader Godwin Friday declaring victory in an election against longtime Prime Minister Ralph Gonsalves. Composed of 32 islands and cays, only nine of which are inhabited, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines relies on industries such as agriculture and tourism to support its population of 111,000. Gonsalves was also a supporter of cooperation between Caribbean nations, and Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness thanked him for his “passion for regionalism and his unwavering belief in the value of collective action” in a social media post.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgrenp0942o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Prostate cancer screening: what you need to know 1 hour ago Share Save Share Save Getty Images The UK's National Screening Committee has recommended that only a very small group of men at high risk of prostate cancer should be screened for the disease. But there has been some energetic campaigning for change by high-profile figures, including Sir Chris Hoy, who has terminal prostate cancer, and Lord David Cameron, who recently revealed he'd been treated for it. The expert advice will now be consulted on for the next three months, before the screening committee gives its final recommendations to governments in the four nations of the UK in March. Examples include women being invited for a mammogram to look for breast cancer or the at-home bowel cancer test that is posted to your home every two years over the age of 50. They looked at all the available evidence and concluded that screening was only suitable for: men with a genetic risk of prostate cancer (with a confirmed BRCA gene variant) The advice says this group should be screened every two years between the ages of 45 and 61. This means no screening is recommended for other high-risk groups of men such as: black men men with a family history of prostate cancer Why did they come to that conclusion? Around three in 1,000 men have BRCA variants, but many will be unaware unless they have family members that are known carriers, and then had it confirmed with a test.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0q5w8l88dvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Afghans in US issue plea to Trump after Washington DC shooting Just now Share Save James FitzGerald and Mahfouz Zubaide Share Save AFP via Getty Images Tens of thousands of Afghans entered the US under special immigration protections following the US withdrawal from the country in 2021 Afghans living in the US have condemned Wednesday's "deeply tragic" deadly shooting attack in Washington DC, while stressing that the suspect - who moved to the US from Afghanistan four years ago - does not represent them. The alleged gunman, 29-year-old Rahmanullah Lakanwal, entered America under a programme that offered special immigration protections to Afghans who worked with the US in the wake of the its troop withdrawal from Afghanistan in 2021. In response, US President Donald Trump has halted the processing of all immigration requests from Afghans, ordered a review of green cards issued to individuals from 19 countries, and threatened a wider crackdown on migrants from what he calls "third-world countries". The Afghan Community Coalition of United States expressed its sympathy for families of the victims, calling for a "comprehensive investigation" but urging the US government not to delay or suspend Afghan immigration claims. "Twenty years of Afghan-US partnership must not be forgotten," the coalition's statement said, nodding to the two-decade effort launched by the US in 2001 to overthrow Afghanistan's Taliban rulers and establish security in the country. "They remain grateful to America for the evacuation efforts during the crisis in Kabul." Thousands of Afghans scrambled to escape the country in 2021, many via Kabul, as the US withdrew its troops and the Taliban swept in. FBI: Suspect had relationship with 'partner forces' in Afghanistan Another Afghan, who also moved to the US following the country's withdrawal from Afghanistan four years ago, labelled Wednesday's shooting "really shocking". Another Afghan man living in the US who spoke to the BBC said the shooting had been a "very devastating event for all immigrants", adding that the political reaction had left many people in a state of uncertainty. The situation felt more acute due to the threats in his country of origin, he said: "For us Afghans there's problem for us in Afghanistan as well as here." Crystal Bayat, an Afghan human rights activist who moved to the US after 2021, said that despite having secured permanent residency, she still feared the US government could abruptly change course on accepting Afghan migrants. "I have a fear every single day that what if the policy changes and they deport us from here?" Ms Bayat told the Outside Source programme on BBC World Service. "It is very dangerous to punish entire immigrant communities, or the people who stood shoulder to shoulder with the (American) people." She said there were families who were still in danger in Afghanistan due to their support of the US before the withdrawal.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/jenin-killings-latest-example-of-israels-shoot-to-kill-policy?traffic_source=rss
Article: The killing of two unarmed Palestinian men as they surrendered to Israeli soldiers in the occupied West Bank city of Jenin is the latest example of a practice that, while shocking, is not extraordinary. Over the years, Israeli society has just gotten used to it.” History of violence Leibowitz pointed to the January 2024 killing of six-year-old Hind Rajab in Gaza, whose final hours were spent pleading for help over the phone with aid workers, as she sat in a car with family members who had already been killed by an Israeli attack. Advertisement Another incident from Gaza, echoing the killings in Jenin, in that it was caught on camera, was the March 2024 killing of two unarmed men, even after one of them repeatedly attempted to signal his surrender. In 2018, there was the infamous case of Mohammed Habali, a mentally challenged man who was shot in the back of the head and killed while walking away from Israeli soldiers in Tulkarem. That creates an onus on the international community to put checks on [Israel’s] impunity.” “The only difference between those [previous incidents] and this most recent incident is that this time it was caught on camera,” Leibowitz said. “Israeli rights groups, such as Yesh Din and B’Tselem, had been documenting and following up on incidents like these for over a decade with little or no response from the media or public.” ‘No one cares’ The killing of Abdullah and Asasa in Jenin is unlikely to cause a scandal in Israel. “I was attacked viciously by a government minister who said I was trying to tie the hands of the state of Israel in dealing with ‘terrorists’.” “Essentially, he was saying that Israel uses torture and needs to keep doing so,” she added. Writing on Friday, the UN’s Committee on Torture noted its alarm about reports indicating a “de facto State policy of organized and widespread torture and ill-treatment [of Palestinians] during the reporting period, which had gravely intensified since 7 October 2023”. Most Israelis can go months or even years seeing Palestinians only through television coverage designed to stir fear and resentment, pointed out Shai Parnes, director of public outreach at the rights group B’Tselem. He described a process of apartheid and dehumanisation that accelerated after the Oslo Accords of the 1990s, before being weaponised by the government after the October 7, 2023, attack on Israel.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly3e1261dko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 18 minutes ago Share Save Lucy Gilder BBC Verify, Washington DC Share Save US Air Forces Europe-Africa via Getty Images The shooting of two National Guard members, one of whom later died, in Washington DC has led to major immigration policy changes by the Trump administration. In an FBI news conference, the agency's director Kash Patel claimed the previous administration "made the decision to allow thousands of people into this country without doing a single piece of background checking or vetting". And in a press release on the day of the attack, the DHS said the suspect "is one of thousands of unvetted Afghan nationals let into the country under the Biden administration's Operation Allies Welcome program". Afghans on parole are subject to reporting requirements (such as medical screenings and critical vaccinations) and could lose their right to stay in the US if these requirements are not met. It did not provide them but told us: "This animal would've never been here if not for Joe Biden's dangerous policies which allowed countless unvetted criminals to invade our country and harm the American people. "The Trump Administration is taking every measure possible - in the face of unrelenting Democrat opposition - to get these monsters out of our country and clean up the mess made by the Biden Administration." We also contacted the DHS and CIA, who did not get back to us. An archived government website for the OAW scheme, last updated at the start of this year, mentions a "rigorous" and "multi-layered" vetting process, which involved collecting biometric information such as fingerprints and photos from Afghans before they were allowed to enter the country. A 2022 audit carried out by the Office of Inspector General (OIG) - a US government oversight body - found that "some information used to vet evacuees through US Government databases (such as name, date of birth, identification number, and travel document data) was inaccurate, incomplete, or missing". Alex Nowrasteh, an immigration analyst at the Cato Institute think tank, said the programme "was more inconsistent than usual by OIG accounts and compared to the more intensive refugee review process". "Because of the chaotic nature of the evacuation, information was lost and some checks weren't run until the migrants were already out of Afghanistan." Jennie Murray, President and CEO of the immigration advocacy group the National Immigration Forum, told BBC Verify she was present at the US military bases where evacuees were initially processed. He [Lakanwal] could have had a clean record, been an appropriate candidate for humanitarian protection, and then something changed." In the four years since the evacuation, thousands of Afghans have safely resettled in the US and this is the first major incident, Ms Murray said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/refugee-groups-worry-about-backlash-after-shooting-of-national-guard-soldiers-in-dc
Article: are afraid to leave their houses, fearing they’ll be swept up by immigration officials or attacked with hate speech, said Shawn VanDiver, president of the San Diego-based group #AfghanEvac, a group that helps resettle Afghans who assisted the U.S. SEATTLE (AP) — People who work with refugees are worried that those who fled dangerous situations to start again in America will face backlash after authorities say an Afghan national shot two National Guard soldiers this week, killing one of them. WATCH: ‘Are you stupid?’ Trump rebuffs reporter’s question on Afghan resettlement vetting Lakanwal had worked in a special CIA-backed Afghan Army unit before emigrating from Afghanistan, according to #AfghanEvac and two sources who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. After the shooting, Trump said his administration would review everyone who entered from the country under former President Joe Biden — a measure his administration had been planning even before the shooting. Ambassador Ashraf Haidari, founder and president of Displaced International, which provides resources, advocacy and support to displaced people worldwide, said there must be a thorough investigation and justice for those who were harmed, “but even as we pursue accountability, one individual’s alleged actions cannot be allowed to define, burden, or endanger entire communities who had no part in this tragedy.” WATCH: Trump says National Guard soldier has died after shooting, blames Biden administration Matthew Soerens, a vice president with World Relief, a Christian humanitarian organization that helps settle refugees, including Afghan nationals in Whatcom County, Washington, said the person responsible for the shooting should face justice under the law.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/icc-judges-reject-request-to-release-ex-philippine-president-duterte-from-custody
Article: THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Former Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will remain in detention at the International Criminal Court after appeals judges on Friday rejected a request to release him on health grounds. READ MORE: International Criminal Court details crimes against humanity charges against former Philippine President Duterte Duterte’s lawyers failed to show that an October decision by the lower chamber was unreasonable, Judge Luz del Carmen Ibáñez Carranza said, addressing the full courtroom in The Hague. According to court filings, Duterte instructed and authorized “violent acts including murder to be committed against alleged criminals, including alleged drug dealers and users.” The charges against him date from Nov. Countries can’t abuse their right to withdraw from the Rome Statute, the court’s founding document, “by shielding persons from justice in relation to alleged crimes that are already under consideration,” judges wrote in the ruling in October. The Duterte family said it accepted the decision “with peaceful hearts.” “We will continue to work with the defense team on the case and will keep supporting former President Rodrigo Duterte with our daily conversations.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-28/new-california-school-antisemitism-law
Article: At a time when the federal government is dismantling civil rights protections in K-12 schools, California is expanding them — although some wonder how far the state will go to combat discrimination in schools. “But for it to be successful, it has to have real responsibility and real power.” Advertisement The new law stems from a surge in antisemitic incidents in California last year following the Oct. Authored by Assemblymember Rick Chavez Zbur (D-Los Angeles) and Assemblymember Dawn Addis (D-Morro Bay), the law is intended to eliminate anti-Jewish and other bias in the classroom and ensure that students of all ethnicities and religions feel protected. , the state’s largest teachers union, which argued that the law would limit teachers’ right to free speech by curbing their ability to discuss the conflict in Gaza or other topical issues. “It’s intended to be productive, to provide districts with resources so they can prevent students from being harmed in school.” Federal layoffs and closures Discrimination has long been illegal in California schools. Created in the mid-1960s, the office investigates complaints about a range of issues, such as school segregation, unfair discipline practices and whether students with disabilities or English learners are receiving the services they’re entitled to. Advertisement California State finds Oakland Unified created ‘discriminatory environment’ for Jewish students In three separate rulings, the California Department of Education has determined that the Oakland Unified School District created a “discriminatory environment” against Jewish students and staff, contradicting the district’s findings. On Tuesday, the Department of Education went even further, spinning off some of the agency’s largest responsibilities to other federal departments — including much of the administration of elementary and high school funding. Project 2025, the Heritage Foundation’s conservative vision for the country that so far Trump has followed, calls for the Office of Civil Rights to become part of the Department of Justice and for it to “reject gender ideology and critical race theory.” The U.S. ‘Cutting off funding, that’s what works’ California’s new Office of Civil Rights will have a director and several coordinators who will oversee anti-discrimination cases based on race and ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation and religion. Advertisement The office will also submit an annual report to the Legislature on the overall picture of discrimination in schools, including the number of complaints, how they were resolved, and their outcomes. In the 1960s and ‘70s, the federal Office of Civil Rights cut funds to more than 100 schools in the South that refused to desegregate — a move that may have been the only way to force compliance, Orfield said. Mark Rosenbaum, senior special counsel for strategic litigation for the public interest law firm Public Counsel, agreed that enforcement will be the key to whether the new office is effective. “The issue is whether or not they can enforce these rights across the board.” Advertisement He’d also like to see the office take a more proactive approach instead of only responding to individuals’ complaints.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/president-donald-trump-says-hes-terminating-orders-joe-biden-signed-autopen/18223066/
Article: President Donald Trump says he's terminating all orders Biden signed with autopen WASHINGTON, DC -- President Donald Trump said on Friday that any document signed by former President Joe Biden using an autopen "is hereby terminated." "I am hereby cancelling all Executive Orders, and anything else that was not directly signed by Crooked Joe Biden," Trump posted on his social media platform. In June, Trump claimed Biden aides illegally used the autopen to carry out "radical" policies and ordered the Justice Department and White House to investigate Biden's mental state when he was in office. At the time, Biden issued a statement to ABC News calling the probe "nothing more than a mere distraction." "Let me be clear: I made the decisions during my presidency.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/arrested-man-is-thought-to-be-4th-member-of-louvre-heist-gang-paris-prosecutor-says
Article: PARIS (AP) — A man arrested by French police earlier this week is thought to be the fourth member of the team that stole France’s crown jewels from the Louvre Museum, the Paris prosecutor said Friday, meaning that the entire gang that carried out the brazen heist is now believed to have been caught. Prosecutor Laure Beccuau, whose office is heading the investigation, said the 39-year-old man has a criminal record, with six previous convictions, including for receiving stolen goods, for which he was given a 2-month suspended prison sentence in 2010. READ MORE: 4 more suspects are arrested in Louvre jewel heist, Paris prosecutor says He has now been handed preliminary charges of robbery by an organized gang, punishable by 15 years imprisonment, and criminal conspiracy, which can carry a 10-year sentence if he is convicted for his suspected role in the stunning Oct. READ MORE: Louvre to set up new cameras and anti-intrusion systems after stunning crown jewels heist Police investigators are continuing their work “to locate the stolen jewels and to precisely determine each person’s role in this organized criminal group, as well as to clarify how the theft was planned and perpetrated,” she said. The robbery is believed to have been carried out by a four-person team — with two breaking into the museum’s ornate Apollo Gallery where the jewels were displayed and then being whisked away on motorbikes by two associates who waited outside.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/trump-claims-he-will-nullify-executive-orders-joe-biden-signed-by-autopen?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump has said that he will throw out all executive orders issued under predecessor Joe Biden that he believes were signed using an autopen, pushing a dubious claim to delegitimise Democratic policies. Trump has long maintained that Biden — who was 82 when he left office in January — was not in control of the executive office due to his advanced age and declining mental state. “I am hereby cancelling all Executive Orders, and anything else that was not directly signed by Crooked Joe Biden, because the people who operated the Autopen did so illegally,” Trump said. “Joe Biden was not involved in the Autopen process and, if he says he was, he will be brought up on charges of perjury.” The autopen and similar mechanical signature devices have a long history in the White House, stretching back to the third US president, Thomas Jefferson, in the early 19th century. Biden had controversially awarded “preemptive” pardons to politicians who served on a House select committee investigating Trump for his actions on January 6, 2021, when his supporters stormed the US Capitol. “The ‘Pardons’ that Sleepy Joe Biden gave to the Unselect Committee of Political Thugs, and many others, are hereby declared VOID, VACANT, and OF NO FURTHER FORCE OR EFFECT, because of the fact that they were done by Autopen,” Trump wrote in March, reiterating familiar claims. “Joe Biden did not sign them but, more importantly, he did not know anything about them!” Legal experts largely dismissed the president’s post at the time as unconstitutional, as US law does not require presidential pardons to be signed in any given way — or even that they be written down. Advertisement A 2005 memo from the US Office of Legal Counsel also explains, “The President need not personally perform the physical act of affixing his signature to a bill he approves and decides to sign in order for the bill to become law.” It adds that using an autopen to “affix the President’s signature” to legislation — or “directing a subordinate” to do so — is considered acceptable.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/11/28/airbus-issues-major-a320-recall-after-flight-control-incident?traffic_source=rss
Article: Europe’s Airbus is ordering an immediate software change on a “significant number” of its best-selling A320 family of jets in a move that industry sources said would bring disruption to half the global fleet, or thousands of jets. The move to different software, announced on Friday, must be carried out before the next routine flight, according to a separate bulletin to airlines seen by the Reuters news agency, threatening cancellations or delays during one of the busiest travel weekends of the year in the United States and beyond. Industry sources said the incident that triggered the unexpected repair action involved a JetBlue flight from Cancun, Mexico, to Newark, New Jersey, on October 30, in which several passengers were hurt following a sharp loss of altitude. Advertisement Still, that comes at a time of intense demands on airline repair shops, already plagued by shortages of maintenance capacity and the grounding of hundreds of Airbus jets due to long waiting times for separate engine repairs or inspections. American, in a statement, said about 340 of its 480 A320 aircraft require the software replacement, and it expects the majority of those fixes to be “complete today and tomorrow”, with about two hours required for each plane. The setback appears to be among the largest mass recalls affecting Airbus in its 55-year history and comes weeks after the A320 overtook the Boeing 737 as the most-delivered model. The bulletin seen by Reuters traced the problem to a flight system called ELAC (Elevator and Aileron Computer), which sends commands from the pilot’s side-stick to elevators at the rear. The computer’s manufacturer, France’s Thales, said in response to a Reuters query that the computer complies with Airbus specifications and the functionality in question is supported by software that is not under Thales’s responsibility.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/guinea-bissaus-new-military-ruler-moves-to-consolidate-power-after-coup?traffic_source=rss
Article: The people of Guinea-Bissau “expect a lot” of their new leaders, Inta-A told Te during a brief swearing-in ceremony, saying he hoped the new military government and the prime minister would “continue to work hand-in-hand”. The African Union announced on Friday it was suspending Guinea-Bissau “with immediate effect”, shortly after the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) froze Guinea-Bissau out of “all decision-making bodies”. Advertisement United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres also condemned the military’s “unacceptable violation of democratic principles” while the European Union urged “a swift return to the constitutional order and the resumption of the electoral process”. The prime minister of Senegal, where Embalo has taken refuge since the coup, condemned the putsch as a “sham” and called for the electoral process to be allowed to continue. Former Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan, who was in Guinea-Bissau during the coup as the head of a West African elections observer group, also accused Embalo of staging a “ceremonial coup” to stay in power. Calm returns to capital UN human rights chief Volker Turk said on Friday that at least 18 people, including government officers, magistrates and opposition politicians, had been arbitrarily detained during the coup, and most were still being held incommunicado. “I am deeply alarmed by reports of human rights violations in Guinea-Bissau following the coup, including arbitrary arrests and detentions of Government officials and opposition leaders, as well as threats against and intimidation of media houses and journalists,” Turk said in a statement.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/hungarys-orban-seeks-more-russian-oil-and-gas-at-talks-with-putin-in-moscow
Article: Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin on Friday, once again shunning efforts by his European Union partners to isolate Moscow over its invasion of neighboring Ukraine nearly four years ago. Hungary is one of only a few EU countries to continue importing large quantities of Russian fossil fuels, and Orbán has strongly opposed efforts by the bloc to wean its 27 member nations off Russian energy supplies. WATCH: Trump sanctions Russian oil companies as his efforts to end Ukraine war falter “We have important areas of cooperation, and we haven’t given up on any area of that cooperation, no matter the external pressure,” Orbán said. “Russian energy forms the basis of Hungary’s energy supply, now and in the future.” Orbán has long argued for a cessation of hostilities in Ukraine but without outlining what that might mean for the country’s territorial integrity or future security. President Donald Trump and succeeded in securing an exemption to sanctions the Trump administration placed on Russian energy companies Lukoil and Rosneft — an allowance Orbán said ensured Hungary’s continued energy security. I am going there to ensure Hungary’s energy supply at an affordable price both this winter and next year.” Orbán has long argued Russian energy imports are indispensable for his country’s economy, and that switching to fossil fuels sourced from elsewhere would cause an immediate economic collapse — a claim some critics dispute. As the rest of Europe has gradually cut off Russian energy, Hungary has maintained and even increased its imports, and argued against an EU plan to eliminate all Russian fossil fuels by the end of 2027. Trump’s envoy expected in Moscow for talks on peace plan The Trump administration has said it is seeing signs that its sanctions on major Russian oil producers are crimping the economic engine that has allowed Moscow to continue to fund its war in Ukraine. READ MORE: Steve Witkoff coached a Putin aide on how Russian leader should pitch Trump on Ukraine peace plan, report reveals Trump said Tuesday that his plan to end the war had been “fine-tuned”, and that he’s sending envoy Steve Witkoff to Russia to meet with Putin and Army Secretary Dan Driscoll to meet with Ukrainian officials. Russian state news agency RIA Novosti on Friday cited Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as saying that Putin will host Witkoff for talks “in the first half” of next week, promising to announce the exact date “in due time.” Putin is scheduled travel to India for talks with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi later in the week, on Dec. Ukrainian drones cause damage in Russia In other developments, Russia’s Defense Ministry reported Friday that its air defenses intercepted 136 Ukrainian drones over a number of Russian regions and the annexed Crimea overnight.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/storm-warnings-stretch-across-northern-u-s-bringing-wintry-and-risky-conditions
Article: A lot of snow, rain and cold weather await travelers for the rest of the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, with winter storm warnings posted Friday across the northern part of the country and more snow falling over the Great Lakes region. So far, forecast conditions do not meet blizzard warning criteria, meteorologists said — winds of at least 35 mph (56 kph), visibilities of less than a quarter mile (400 meters) and lasting more than three hours. Snowfall totals of at least a foot were expected by the end of the storm, particularly downwind of Lake Superior across the northern Lower Peninsula of Michigan and downwind of lakes Erie and Ontario, the weather service said. Temperatures were well below average in the eastern and central parts of the country, with highs Friday expected in the 20s degrees F and 30s degrees F in the Midwest, the 30s and 40s in New England and Mid-Atlantic areas, and the 40s and 50s in the Southeast.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/palestinians-forced-into-lockdown-as-israels-west-bank-assault-continues?traffic_source=rss
Article: Entire Palestinian communities have been forced into lockdown in parts of the occupied West Bank, a human rights group warns, as the Israeli military continues to carry out wide-scale, deadly raids in the territory. Save the Children said on Friday that families in the northern West Bank have been forced to shelter inside their homes due to the fear of violence from the Israeli military, which launched an intensified operation earlier this week. Israeli troops laid siege to large swaths of the northeastern Tubas governorate, starting on Wednesday, and carried out a series of major raids in other cities and towns across the occupied West Bank, including Jenin. Israeli forces have injured dozens of people in the Tubas area since the raids began, the Palestinian news agency Wafa reported on Friday, while more than 160 others have been detained. Israel has said the operation aims to root out Palestinian armed groups, but residents say the military has carried out indiscriminate attacks against civilians, blocked journalists and ambulances, and damaged infrastructure. ‘Systematic assault’ Palestinians across the occupied West Bank have faced a surge of Israeli military and settler violence in the shadow of Israel’s genocidal war against Palestinians in the nearby Gaza Strip, which has killed nearly 70,000 people since October 2023. Ameer, who works with a Save the Children partner organisation in the West Bank, said this week’s raids in the Tubas governorate constitute “a systematic assault by Israeli forces and a continuation of the Israeli government’s collective punishment policy”. On Friday, several Israeli attacks were reported near southern Gaza’s Khan Younis and Rafah, and an Israeli drone attack killed a Palestinian in Bani Suheila, a town east of Khan Younis, according to a local medical report. “The [Israeli] occupation has allowed only 9,930 trucks to enter Gaza out of the nearly 28,000 requested – a mere 35 percent – thus turning aid into a tool of war used for pressure rather than a legal or humanitarian obligation,” he said.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/trump-administration/trump-cancelling-biden-executive-orders-signed-autopen-rcna246373
Article: “Any document signed by Sleepy Joe Biden with the Autopen, which was approximately 92% of them, is hereby terminated, and of no further force or effect,” he wrote on Truth Social. “I am hereby cancelling all Executive Orders, and anything else that was not directly signed by Crooked Joe Biden, because the people who operated the Autopen did so illegally.” Biden's team did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but the former president has rejected these claims in the past, saying in June: “Let me be clear: I made the decisions during my presidency.” “I made the decisions about the pardons, executive orders, legislation, and proclamations,” he said then. Biden is known to have used it while traveling, too: CNN reported in 2024 that Biden signed a funding extension for federal aviation programs with the autopen, which an official said was used to avoid a lapse in funding while the president was on the West Coast. Last month, House Republicans declared that they viewed executive actions signed by Biden’s autopen “without proper, corresponding, contemporaneous, written approval traceable to the president’s own consent” as void and urged the Department of Justice to investigate the matter. “Joe Biden was not involved in the Autopen process and, if he says he was, he will be brought up on charges of perjury,” Trump continued in his Friday Truth Social post.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/death-toll-rises-to-164-after-floods-and-landslides-on-indonesias-sumatra-island
Article: PADANG, Indonesia (AP) — The death toll from flash floods and landslides on Indonesia’s Sumatra island rose to 164 on Friday with 79 people missing, authorities said, as rescue workers found their efforts hampered by damaged bridges and roads and a lack of heavy equipment. At a National Teachers’ Day commemoration speech, President Prabowo Subianto noted that three aircraft —including a Hercules C-130 and a newly Airbus A-400 — carrying rescue personnel, food, medicines, blankets, field tents and generators were deployed Friday morning as part of ongoing relief operations. In North Sumatra, entire neighborhoods in the provincial capital of Medan and Deli Serdang regency lie submerged under a vast sheet of brown water, rooftops barely visible as rivers burst their banks. Aid and other logistic supplies in some places can be distributed only by foot over the severe terrain, Rescue teams struggled to reach affected areas in 12 cities and districts of North Sumatra province.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/g-s1-99760/trump-vows-permanent-pause-on-some-immigration-after-national-guard-shooting
Article: Trump vows 'permanent pause' on some immigration after National Guard shooting toggle caption Roberto Schmidt/Getty Images After an Afghan national was named as being behind a shooting in Washington, D.C., that left one member of the National Guard dead and another in critical condition, President Trump vowed a sharp crackdown on immigration from countries he described as "third world." Writing on social media on Thursday night, Trump railed against immigrants from impoverished nations, accusing them of being a burden on the nation's welfare system and "preying" on natural-born citizens. Sponsor Message "Only REVERSE MIGRATION can fully cure this situation." The Trump administration is already deporting some immigrants, either to their countries of origin or to third countries, many of which are paid to receive them. Citizenship and Immigration Services, wrote on social media that he had been directed to conduct "a full scale, rigorous reexamination of every Green Card for every alien from every country of concern." Edlow did not say which countries this would entail, and the USCIS did not respond to an NPR request for comment. In a statement to CNN, the Department of Homeland Security said it had already halted all immigration requests stemming from Afghanistan and was in the process of reviewing "all" asylum cases approved under former President Biden. History of anti-immigrant sentiment The president's latest rally against immigration was sparked by the revelation that the alleged shooter was identified as Rahmanullah Lakanwal — a 29-year-old Afghan national who had worked with the CIA to fight the Taliban in his native country and was admitted into the United States in 2021 as a result of his service. In a Thanksgiving Day call with servicemembers, Trump described the shooting as a terrorist attack and the shooter as a "savage monster." Sponsor Message He blamed the Biden administration for Lakanwal's entry to the United States and for a general failure of the immigration system. Speaking to reporters on Thursday after the Thanksgiving call, Trump widened his attack to focus not just on the alleged shooter but to crusade against much of immigration in general. When asked by a reporter about the fact that as a former CIA asset, Lakanwal had been vetted, Trump repeatedly berated the reporter as "stupid." toggle caption Jamie Kelter Davis/Getty Images Asked by another reporter whether he blamed all Afghans for the alleged actions of one, Trump said: "No, but there's a lot of problems with Afghans." Trump then turned his attention to immigrants from Somalia, who he has repeatedly accused of being gang-affiliated and "taking over" Minnesota — home to the nation's largest Somali community. Later on social media, he described "Somalian gangs" in Minnesota as "roving the streets looking for 'prey' as our wonderful people stay locked in their apartments and houses hoping against hope that they will be left alone." Officials for the United Nations on Friday criticized Trump's call for sweeping halts to immigration seekers.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/pope-joins-eastern-and-western-patriarchs-at-historic-christian-site-in-turkey-to-pray-for-unity
Article: IZNIK, Turkey (AP) — Pope Leo XIV joined Eastern and Western patriarchs and priests Friday in commemorating an important anniversary in Christian history, gathering at the site in Turkey of an unprecedented A.D. READ MORE: Pope Leo XIV encourages Turkey to be a force for stability and peace as he opens first foreign trip Leo, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I and other Christian leaders met on the shores of Lake Iznik, the site of the Council of Nicaea that produced a creed, or statement of faith, that is still recited by millions of Christians today. Standing over the ruins of the site, the men recited the creed, which Leo said was “of fundamental importance in the journey that Christians are making toward full communion.” “In this way, we are all invited to overcome the scandal of the divisions that unfortunately still exist and to nurture the desire for unity for which the Lord Jesus prayed and gave his life,” he said. As a result, celebrating its origins at the site of its creation with the spiritual leaders of the Catholic and Orthodox churches and other Christian representatives marked a historic moment in the centuries-old quest to reunite all Christians. A prayer for unity Roman Emperor Constantine had convened the gathering of bishops from around the Roman Empire after he had consolidated control following years of civil war and political intrigues. The version of the creed that emerged from the council, and recited today by Catholics, begins: “I believe in one God, the Father almighty … ” The service commemoration, which featured alternating Catholic and Orthodox hymns, took place at the lakeside archaeological excavations of the ancient Basilica of Saint Neophytos. The stone foundations of the basilica, which were recently uncovered by the lake’s receding waters, are believed to be on the site of an earlier church that hosted the council 1,700 years ago. In his remarks to the men, Leo said all Christians must strongly reject the use of religion to justify war, violence “or any form of fundamentalism or fanaticism.” “Instead, the paths to follow are those of fraternal encounter, dialogue and cooperation,” he said. A brief protest before Leo arrived Christians are a minority in predominantly Sunni Muslim Turkey, and ahead of the prayer in Iznik, around 20 members of a small Turkish Islamic party staged a brief protest. Under a heavy police presence, Mehmet Kaygusuz, a member of the New Welfare Party, read a statement denouncing what he said were efforts to establish a “Vatican-like Greek Orthodox state” in Turkey. “The significant presence of migrants and refugees in this country presents the church with the challenge of welcoming and serving some of the most vulnerable.” Leo later visited with a group of nuns, the Little Sisters of the Poor, who run a nursing home in Istanbul.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/trump-says-will-pardon-former-honduras-leader-before-presidential-vote?traffic_source=rss
Article: Washington, DC – United States President Donald Trump says he will pardon the former leader of Honduras, Juan Orlando Hernandez, just days before the Central American country’s closely contested presidential election. He added that a loss for Asfura would lead to a rupture in US support for the country of about 11 million, echoing a similar threat he made in support of Javier Milei before Argentina’s presidential election in October. “If he doesn’t win, the United States will not be throwing good money after bad, because a wrong Leader can only bring catastrophic results to a country, no matter which country it is,” Trump wrote. The US president and several right-wing figures have previously accused Rixi Moncada, the candidate for outgoing President Xiomara Castro’s left-leaning LIBRE party, as well as Salvador Nasralla, of the centre-right Liberal Party, of being in the pocket of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. At the time of his sentencing, former US Attorney General Merrick Garland said Hernandez used his presidency “to operate the country as a narco-state where violent drug traffickers were allowed to operate with virtual impunity, and the people of Honduras and the United States were forced to suffer the consequences.”

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/africa/ritz-carlton-safari-lodge-threatens-critical-wildlife-corridor-rcna245406
Article: Leaders of the Maasai — an ethnic group of traditionally nomadic herders with ancestral ties to the area — and conservationists warn the new tourist destination threatens a migration corridor vital to the movement of vast numbers of animals and have filed a lawsuit to halt its operations. 15 during the height of the Great Migration, where millions of wildebeest, zebras and other grazing animals move back and forth between the Serengeti plains in Tanzania and the Maasai Mara National Reserve (MMNR) in Kenya, a process that researchers say allows animals to find food and water and maintain genetic diversity among herds. Jiri Lizler / Marriott International Tourists have long flocked to the savannah by the hundreds of thousands, hoping to witness one of the largest movements of mammals in the world, as herds cross rivers and plains teeming with predators. But the new camp, which boasts “front-row seats to one of the world's greatest natural wonders” on its website, may threaten the migration that visitors come to witness, conservations and Maasai leaders say. The Ritz-Carlton camp, on a bend in the Sand River, sits on “one of the most favored corridors for these animals,” Maasai elder Meitamei Olol Dapash told NBC News in an interview Sunday. “Any guide will tell you, that is the crossing they use,” said Dapash, who filed a lawsuit in August in a Kenyan court against Ritz-Carlton's owner, Marriott International, the world’s largest hotel chain, as well as the project’s local owner and operator, Lazizi Mara Limited, and Kenyan authorities. Dapash, executive director of the Institute for Maasai Education, Research and Conservation (MERC), who has a PhD in Sustainability Education from Prescott College in Arizona, alleges in the lawsuit that the 20-suite camp obstructs the crucial migration corridor and is asking the court to restore the land to its original condition. He told NBC News in an interview there had been instances of wildebeest turning back to avoid the camp and that an elephant was seen struggling to find a path across the river after using the location for more than a decade. Henrik Karlsson / Getty Images file “Attachment to the land and to the wildlife exists up to this very day,” Dapash said, adding that the Maasai had seen populations dwindling. The new camp, he added, “was the last straw for us, we just didn’t want to let this happen.” The Kenya Wildlife Service government agency pushed back at claims the lodge has impacted wildebeest migration, citing monitoring data that it says shows it does not “fall within, obstruct, or interfere with any wildebeest migration corridors” and adding that migrating wildebeest “are using the entire breadth of the Kenya-Tanzania border.” It said that "all ecological, environmental and regulatory requirements were thoroughly met and validated." Marriott International told NBC News that the development underwent an environmental impact assessment (EIA) “in full compliance with” Kenya's environmental protections. The company said it is committed to “the principles of responsible tourism” but declined to comment on Dapash's claims that the Ritz-Carlton blocked a key route for local wildlife or its own steps to mitigate the construction's impact, saying these were matters for Narok County, which manages the reserve on the Maasai’s behalf. In court documents seen by NBC News, the county claims that the safari camp complies with the Maasai Mara Management Plan, which imposes a moratorium on new developments amid concerns that poorly regulated tourism was stifling wildlife migration and threatening the reserve’s ecosystem. Lazizi Mara Limited said the moratorium is part of the case before the court, adding: “We wouldn’t want to comment on issues that are pending determination.” Dapash told NBC News that he had "no issue with business, but this is not just about hotel, it is about the long-term survival of the game reserve.” “We feel like we are losing the land, we are losing the wildlife,” he said. “It’s infrastructure, it’s roads, it’s changes to the water and the resources and the use of land.” Seasonal variation in the availability and quality of food forces animals to move around, said Joseph Ogutu, a Kenyan researcher at the University of Hohenheim in Germany. Grant Hopcraft, a professor of conservation ecology at the University of Glasgow, who has been collaring migratory wildebeest in the Serengeti-Mara since 1999, presented maps and data to the court in October showing “regular cross-border movement of wildebeest” at the location of the lodge, according to his affidavit. The Mara has been suffering for a long time, said Riley Jon Blackwell, the company's executive director, with “large hotel chains coming in and trying to service the luxury guests who command to see the best of the best for wildlife.” The Ritz-Carlton safari camp was “not surprising,” he added in an interview. “It’s just kind of a culmination of a long time, of a direction of things leading this way.” The camp holds a 2.2-star rating on Google Reviews, with many posters criticizing its environmental impact.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5624379/airbus-software-upgrade-a320-aircraft
Article: Airbus calls for 'immediate' software upgrade to A320 aircraft toggle caption Daniel Slim/AFP via Getty Images Airbus on Friday requested airlines take immediate action to upgrade software of its A320 aircraft, warning there could be an issue with flight controls. The aircraft manufacturer said in a statement it found the issue after an analysis of an incident involving an A320 plane found that "intense solar radiation may corrupt data critical to the functioning of flight controls." "Airbus has worked proactively with the aviation authorities to request immediate precautionary action from operators via an Alert Operators Transmission (AOT) in order to implement the available software and/or hardware protection, and ensure the fleet is safe to fly," the company said. Airbus confirmed to NPR that the plane analyzed was JetBlue Flight 1230, which was traveling from Cancun, Mexico to Newark, New Jersey on October 30 when it suddenly dropped in altitude, causing several injuries. The Airbus A320 family of airplanes is now the most used aircraft, with more than 9,000 planes flying around the world, including 1,600 in the U.S., according to aviation analytics company Cirium. Airbus A320 planes are flown by a number of domestic and international airlines, and the required software update could lead to "operational disruptions to passengers and customers," Airbus also said. American Airlines told NPR it took "swift action" to address the software issue, with 340 of its A320 aircraft needing software replacement, and expects updates to be completed Friday and Saturday. It's all hands on deck across our airline to address this Airbus software issue and take care of any customers whose flights are affected," the airline said in a statement on Friday. Delta Air Lines told NPR in a statement on Friday it expects "any resulting operational impact to be limited." United Airlines said its aircraft is not affected by the software issue, and Frontier Airlines said they are currently evaluating the notice from Airbus.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1kpm0rvxepo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US President Donald Trump has said that he will pardon the ex-president of Honduras, Juan Orlando Hernández, who was convicted of drug trafficking charges in a US court last year. Hernández, a member of the National Party who served as Honduras's president from 2014 to 2022, was extradited to the United States in April 2022 to stand trial for running a violent drug trafficking conspiracy and helping to traffic hundreds of tons of cocaine to the US. Polls show the Honduran election remains a toss-up between Asfura, who is the former mayor of Tegucigalpa and now leader of the National Party, Rixi Moncada, the former defence minister with the ruling leftist LIBRE Party, and Salvador Nasralla, a television host with the centrist Liberal Party.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/israeli-forces-kill-at-least-13-people-in-raid-on-syrian-village-officials-and-residents-say
Article: DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) — Israeli forces raided a Syrian village and opened fire when they were confronted by residents on Friday, killing at least 13 people, Syrian officials said, in the deadliest Israeli attack since its troops seized a swath of southern Syria a year ago. READ MORE: Israeli soldiers appear to kill Palestinian men in West Bank after they surrender Israel said Friday it conducted an operation to apprehend suspects from the Jamaa Islamiya militant group in Beit Jin who were planning IED and rocket attacks into Israel. Since the fall of former Syrian President Bashar Assad in December 2024, Israeli forces have held a slice of southern Syria that was previously a U.N.-patrolled buffer zone under a 1974 disengagement agreement. In a previous raid on Beit Jin in June, Israeli forces seized several people who they said were Hamas members — a characterization disputed by residents — and killed a man whose family said had a history of schizophrenia. Israel says it seized the 400-square-kilometer (155-square-mile) demilitarized buffer zone in southern Syria in a pre-emptive move to prevent militants from moving into the area after Islamist insurgents toppled Assad. Israel still controls the Golan Heights that it captured from Syria during the 1967 Mideast war and later annexed — a move not recognized by most of the international community.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/guinea-bissau-soldiers-announce-new-prime-minister-after-127943307
Article: Soldiers in Guinea-Bissau who seized power following disputed elections earlier this week have appointed Ilídio Vieira Té, a close ally of the deposed president, as prime minister By ASSANA SAMBU Associated Press and MARK BANCHEREAU Associated Press In this photo taken from video provided by TGB Guinea-Bissau, Guinea-Bissau's new junta leader Gen. (TGB Guinea-Bissau via AP) BISSAU, Guinea-Bissau -- Soldiers in Guinea-Bissau who seized power following disputed national elections earlier this week appointed a close ally of the deposed president as prime minister on Friday. The military takeover and the reported arrest of Embaló were manufactured to disrupt election results, according to his rival Fernando Dias, who, like Embaló, claimed to have won the vote. Guinea-Bissau, one of the world’s poorest countries, has been dogged by coups and attempted coups since its independence from Portugal more than 50 years ago, including a coup attempt in October. The High Military Command on Friday lifted the curfew it imposed during its military takeover and authorized the movement of people and public transportation across all neighborhoods of the capital, Bissau. Embaló, meanwhile, arrived in neighboring Senegal Thursday with a flight chartered by the Senegalese government which has been “in direct communication with all concerned Guinea-Bissau actors,” Senegal’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement, as the country promised to work with partners to restore democracy in Guinea-Bissau. Late Thursday, the West African regional bloc known as ECOWAS said it is suspending Guinea-Bissau from its decision-making bodies “until the restoration of full and effective constitutional order in the country.” ECOWAS said it also “reserves the right to use all options” allowed under its rules, “including sanctions on all entities deemed culpable of disrupting the electoral and democratic process.” The regional bloc said a mediation team, led by the body’s chair and including the presidents of Togo, Cabo Verde and Senegal, will travel to Bissau to “engage the leaders of the coup with a view to ensuring the full restoration of constitutional order.” Widely seen as West Africa’s leading political and regional authority, the 15-nation ECOWAS was formed in 1975 to promote economic integration in member states. Sanctions against junta-led Mali, Niger and Burkina Faso and threats of military intervention in Niger to reverse the coup eventually led to the three countries’ withdrawal from the bloc earlier this year. Bakary Sambe, who heads the Senegal-based Timbuktu Institute for Peace Studies, said the situation in Guinea-Bissau is still unclear, and any immediate decision by ECOWAS regarding sanctions would seem rushed and counterproductive.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/afghanistan-vows-cooperation-cross-border-attack-killed-3-127940262
Article: Afghanistan has expressed “deep regret" and strong condemnation of a cross-border attack into neighboring Tajikistan that killed three Chinese workers and wounded a fourth This is a locator map for Afghanistan with its capital, Kabul. An initial assessment indicated that “this incident involves elements that are trying to create chaos, instability, and distrust between countries in the region,” said Foreign Ministry deputy spokesman Hafiz Zia Ahmad Takal. He said Afghanistan “assures full cooperation with the government of Tajikistan and is fully prepared for information exchange, technical cooperation, and joint assessment to find the causes of the incident.” On Thursday, Tajikistan’s Foreign Ministry said the attack was carried out the previous night from inside Afghanistan with the use of a drone equipped with grenades and firearms. “Despite the constant efforts by Tajikistan to maintain security and create an atmosphere of peace and stability in the border areas between Tajikistan and Afghanistan, the disruptive actions by criminal groups located in the territory of Afghanistan still continue,” it said, calling on Afghan authorities to ensure security in the border area. The Chinese Embassy in Tajikistan urged its citizens to “refrain from investing or working in the Tajik-Afghanistan border region,” and advised those already in the area to “evacuate as soon as possible.” Tajikistan and Afghanistan have long had testy relations, particularly after the Taliban’s takeover of Afghanistan in 2021, when Tajikistan cut all ties with its southern neighbor.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/paris-louvre-museum-increase-ticket-price-visitors-european-127940426
Article: The Louvre museum has approved a ticket price increase for non-EU visitors, raising it from 22 to 32 euros starting in January Louvre museum to increase ticket price for visitors from outside the European Union PARIS -- Paris' Louvre museum has approved a ticket hike from 22 to 32 euros ($25 to 37) for non-European visitors from January to help finance an overhaul of the building whose degradation has been exposed by the Oct. The cost for the so-called "Louvre New Renaissance” plan is estimated at up to 800 million euros ($933 million) to modernize infrastructure, ease crowding and give the famed Mona Lisa a dedicated gallery by 2031. 19, thieves forces their way through a window into the Apollo Gallery with the help of a freight lift, using power tools to cut display cases and leave with the loot on scooters in less than eight minutes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hundreds-children-separated-families-fleeing-violence-sudans-west-127940517
Article: Hundreds of children have arrived in a Sudanese refugee camp without their families as thousands of people have fled violence in western Darfur A Sudanese child who fled el-Fasher city with family after Sudan's paramilitary forces killed hundreds of people in the western Darfur region, receives treatment at a camp in Tawila, Sudan, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Mohammed Abaker) A Sudanese child who fled el-Fasher city with family after Sudan's paramilitary forces killed hundreds of people in the western Darfur region, receives treatment at a camp in Tawila, Sudan, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Mohammed Abaker) CAIRO -- Hundreds of children have arrived in a refugee camp without their families as thousands of people fled violence in the Sudanese city of el-Fasher in the past month, with more children disconnected from their families arriving every day, officials said. UNICEF, the U.N.'s child protection agency, said Friday that 84 children were reunited over the past month with their families, mostly in Tawila where many international aid organizations are providing assistance to people impacted by the fighting in el-Fasher, the North Darfur capital seized by the RSF last month. Some reached the camp with the help of extended relatives, neighbors and strangers who didn’t want to leave them alone in the desert or el-Fasher, NRC advocacy manager Mathilde Vu said Thursday. The war between the RSF and the military began in 2023, when tensions erupted between the two former allies that were meant to oversee a democratic transition after a 2019 uprising. “People are hungry, thirsty, they need education, they need help care, they need psychosocial support and we need to give them now and not wait for peace to come into Sudan,” Vu said. The RSF is largely made up of fighters from the Arab Janjaweed militia, which is accused of carrying out a government-backed genocidal campaign in Darfur in the 2000s in which around 300,000 people were killed. Earlier this month, the RSF agreed to a humanitarian truce proposed by a U.S.-led mediator group, but Sudan's military said the RSF must completely withdraw from civilian areas and disarm.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/paris-prosecutor-arrested-man-thought-4th-member-louvre-127945013
Article: French police have arrested a man believed to be the fourth member of the team that stole France’s crown jewels from the Louvre Museum Paris prosecutor says arrested man is thought to be 4th member of Louvre heist gang FILE - Soldiers patrol as people queue to try to enter the Louvre museum, although it remains closed for the day after Sunday's jewels robbery, Monday, Oct. (AP Photo/Emma Da Silva, File) FILE - Soldiers patrol as people queue to try to enter the Louvre museum, although it remains closed for the day after Sunday's jewels robbery, Monday, Oct. (AP Photo/Emma Da Silva, File) PARIS -- A man arrested by French police earlier this week is thought to be the fourth member of the team that stole France’s crown jewels in a brazen heist from the Louvre Museum, the Paris prosecutor said Friday, meaning that the entire gang is now believed to be in custody. He has now been handed preliminary charges of robbery by an organized gang, punishable by 15 years imprisonment, and criminal conspiracy, which can carry a 10-year sentence if he is convicted for his suspected role in the stunning Oct. The robbery is believed to have been the work of a four-person team — with two people breaking into the museum's Apollo Gallery where the jewels were displayed and then being whisked away on motorbikes by two associates who waited outside.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/airlines-adopt-software-fix-airbus-a320-after-plane-127953535
Article: Airbus and European aviation safety regulators say an aircraft heavily used by commercial airlines around the world needs a software fix to address an issue that contributed to a sudden drop in altitude of a JetBlue plane last month FILE - A TAP Air Portugal Airbus A320 is silhouetted against the setting moon while approaching for landing in Lisbon, Portugal, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Armando Franca, File) An aircraft heavily used by commercial airlines around the world needs a software fix to address an issue that contributed to a sudden drop in altitude of a JetBlue plane last month, the manufacturer and European aviation safety regulators said Friday. “Although again the silver lining being that it only should take a few hours to update the software.” At least 15 JetBlue passengers were injured and taken to the hospital after the Oct.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/28/east-timor-still-searches-for-justice-50-years-after-indonesian-invasion?traffic_source=rss
Article: Just the clucking of chickens, the grunt of a pig and in the distance, a transistor radio playing Portuguese reggaeton; a typical small-town soundtrack in this country of 1.4 million people situated in the Timor Sea between Indonesia and Australia’s northern territories. “They came down by parachute and started shooting,” dos Santos told Al Jazeera, recounting the attack on the rural town located some 210km (130 miles) east of the capital, Dili. “The army searched for us in the bush, captured us and took us back,” she said, recounting how at just nine years old she was violently raped by Indonesian soldiers. Advertisement A coup in 1974 backed by left-wing forces in Lisbon was the impetus that started Portugal’s process of decolonisation and retreat from its overseas territories, with East Timor declaring independence on November 28, 1975. Under the pretext of fighting communism and backed by the United States, neighbouring Indonesia invaded the tiny half-island just over a week after independence was declared; Jakarta’s forces quickly captured East Timor’s capital, Dili, on December 7. Some of East Timor’s young emerging leaders, such as current President Jose Ramos-Horta, were able to flee abroad at the time of the invasion and would remain overseas for years advocating for independence and keeping the international spotlight on the plight of the Timorese people. After the 1975 invasion by Indonesia, he joined the resistance and would remain in the jungle to fight the Indonesians for almost a quarter of a century as a leader in FALINTIL (the Armed Forces for the National Liberation of East Timor). Isolated from any outside assistance in the mountainous and jungle interior, and faced with the firepower of the US-backed Indonesian army, Ximenes said it was a struggle just to keep resisting. “We had to find our own weapons to continue fighting, even to get food,” he said, recounting how FALINTIL fighters relied on the weapons taken from Indonesian soldiers killed in battle. “If you have 10 or 20 guns, you’ve got to figure out how to use the guns to capture more guns,” he said, describing how fighters in his platoon would run to pick up not only weapons but “boots, food, ammunition and clothing” from slain Indonesian soldiers. He and his fighters, alone in the jungle, would receive just one letter a year from the political leadership of FRETILIN (Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor), the political party of which FALINTIL was its armed wing. It was during the 1980s that much of East Timor’s civilian population was forcibly displaced and starved; an estimated 200,000 people died, almost a third of the population, in what is widely considered a genocide. Rather than instil fear, the outrages inspired many in FALINTIL to continue resisting, including the civilian villagers on whom the resistance relied for food, supplies and information about Indonesian troop movements. After more than two decades of occupation and armed resistance, political advocacy by supporters abroad, and under pressure from the international community, the Indonesian government eventually agreed to hold a referendum to determine the first steps towards East Timor’s independence. Then in 1999, a national vote was administered by the United Nations, and despite large-scale violence and intimidation from both the Indonesian army and collaborating local armed groups, 78.5 percent of East Timor’s voters cast their ballot in favour of independence. Accountability The exact number of women who were subjected to sexual and other forms of violence under Indonesian occupation remains unknown, and few of the Indonesian soldiers and commanders who committed human rights abuses during the occupation have ever been brought to justice. Neither have Timorese collaborators, who led armed groups to terrorise their own people and left behind a devastated country before fleeing to West Timor after the 1999 referendum that eventually resulted in independence. Hugo Fernandes, the director of the Commission for Reception, Truth and Reconciliation (known by the Portuguese acronym CAVR), described East Timor in 1999 after the rampages by Indonesia’s local collaborators as the nation’s “Year Zero”. While the truth and reconciliation process brought a form of healing for many, Fernandes told Al Jazeera that one of the key unresolved aspects of the decades-long occupation remains bringing perpetrators to justice. Even efforts within Indonesia to bring perpetrators to justice for crimes in East Timor have been stymied by a “lack of political will” and the fact that some perpetrators are considered “national heroes” among Indonesians, according to Human Rights Watch. Only one conviction – that of Eurico Guterres, a pro-Indonesian Timorese militia leader – stood among 18 people prosecuted by an “ad hoc” court established in Indonesia in 2001 to investigate human rights abuses in East Timor. Advertisement Subianto has strenuously denied his involvement in such abuses, including a massacre in 1983 that led to an area in East Timor being referred to as “Valley of Widows” after more than 200 local men were killed there.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy7v6xl4me8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Why the rich and powerful couldn't say no to Epstein 39 minutes ago Share Save Nada Tawfik and Madeline Halpert New York Share Save Watch: The Epstein connections that lasted beyond the scandal It was one of the big set-pieces in Washington in 2019. His private island in the US territory had also been mentioned in a damning investigation by the Miami Herald just a year before as being one of the places he sexually abused several underage girls. His death, and the conspiracies that swirled around it, would trigger a reckoning that has caused ripple effects in Washington and Wall Street, and has taken down some of his former friends. Jemal Countess/Stringer/Getty House Delegate Stacey Plaskett was one of many high-profile figures who kept in touch with Epstein despite the conviction Their exchange was just one of many in the latest trove of over 20,000 pages of personal documents, which revealed Epstein's ability to maintain elite social circles even after his criminal conviction and the Herald expose. How and why these relationships survived while other friends cut him off tells us as much about the dynamics of social circles at the very top of US society as they do about Epstein's influence. "He was a diabolical monster, but at the same time he was brilliant in a sense that he was able to maintain this incredible network of some of the world's most powerful individuals," said Barry Levine, author of The Spider: Inside the Criminal Web of Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. "He had a certain charisma attached to himself that put him in a position where people turned to him." 'He would use information that he gained' Epstein considered himself a "people collector" who made connections for transactional purposes, Mr Levine said. "He would use information that he gained… with the intention at the end of the day that he was going to bank either favours from them, finances from them, or in a darker sense, I think, blackmail from some of these individuals." The relationship between Epstein and Labour's Lord Peter Mandelson has come under particular scrutiny in the UK, with Lord Mandelson ultimately being sacked in September from his role as the UK's ambassador to the US. Mandelson still in contact with Epstein in 2016, emails show Documents released by Congress show he maintained contact with the paedophile until late 2016, which was before the Herald expose but after his conviction. I have decided to extend my life by spending more of it in the US." He has strenuously denied any knowledge of Epstein's crimes, any wrongdoing, and has expressed regret over their continued communications with him. US Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Lord Mandelson, left, with Jeffrey Epstein Epstein's eclectic circle of scholars, entrepreneurs and politicians The documents released by Epstein's estate reveal his eclectic social circle of distinguished scholars, business titans and politicians. Mr Levine said it's not a stretch that some more casual acquaintances of Epstein may not have known about his abuse, or were impressed enough by his influential connections to look past it. "His credentials among power brokers were extremely high, and I think a lot of individuals probably just dismissed the conviction against him." Others may have been simply dazzled by his wealth, journalists and those who knew him have suggested. "The only thing that gets you shunned in New York society is poverty." Reuters Jeffrey Epstein in 2017 A former US treasury secretary turned Harvard University president, Larry Summers asked Epstein for romantic advice, including an exchange in November 2018 - the same month the Herald investigation was published - where he seemed to forward an email from a woman to Epstein to ask about how he should respond. David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images Emails showed former Harvard University president Larry Summers, pictured, solicited romantic advice from Jeffrey Epstein Epstein also reportedly used his money skills to help famed linguist Noam Chomsky, with whom he exchanged several messages over the years and invited to stay at his homes. He was able to do so because he "understood tax code and finances to some degree better than maybe the most highly paid people on Wall Street", Mr Levine said. David Corio/Getty Images In an undated letter, linguist Chomsky raved about Epstein, saying the two had held "many long and often in-depth discussions" The ones who cut ties Throughout the 23,000 pages of Epstein's documents, one man's name appears more than perhaps any other. Davidoff Studios/Getty Images Epstein and Trump have a long history dating back to the late 1980s Mr Levine said there were many people whose messages with Epstein after his convictions will leave them embarrassed, though that does not suggest they participated in any of his crimes. "It is one of the most unbelievable stories of our time - power, privilege, predation." But there was at least one person who said he understood immediately that Epstein was "gross".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgjn2y4eed5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Government to ban asylum seekers from using taxis 51 minutes ago Share Save Nick Eardley , Political Correspondent and Sue Mitchell , Investigations reporter Share Save Getty Images Asylum seekers will be banned from using taxis for medical appointments from February, the government has announced. It comes after a BBC investigation found some people had travelled long distances by taxi, with one asylum seeker saying they went on a 250-mile journey to a GP, costing the Home Office £600. And on Friday, one subcontractor told the BBC his firm would do up to 15 drop-offs daily from a hotel in south east London to a doctors surgery around two miles away. When the home secretary was asked if the government was prepared to exercise break clauses in contracts with providers in a BBC interview earlier this year, Mahmood said she would explore all options.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyzdxyjx2eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: We searched for a true Christmas market - and may have found one 49 minutes ago Share Save Grace Dean , in Birmingham and Tenzin Sekhon , in Berlin Share Save BBC Wooden huts are glittering with golden fairylights as groups of friends gather in woolly hats, warming their hands on mugs of mulled wine. The warm lights of the Christmas market have given Birmingham city centre a festive glow But other aspects of Birmingham's market are further removed from the German way - like the beer. This is very typical." And as for the pop tunes blaring out of the speakers in Birmingham - like The Power of Love - you probably wouldn't hear that at markets in Germany - rather it would be Christmas music and carols, she says. Birmingham's market stretches through several streets Our visit to a Christmas market in Berlin While many Christmas markets in the UK have been running for a couple of weeks now, in Germany they have only just opened, as is tradition, on 24 November. Berlin Christmas market: A typical Christmas market includes large tents housing restaurants or bars and stalls selling a range of handmade gifts Some 800 miles away from Birmingham, the city of Berlin is home to more than 70 different, small Christmas markets. The smell of roasted almonds, caramelised apples, chocolate-coated fruit, mulled wine and grilled sausages fills the air, as Christmas carols are performed live on a stage and children enjoy a small, sparkling Ferris wheel. The Christmas market we visited in Berlin used projections as well as fairy lights Typically, they may have (as this one in Berlin does): Large tents housing entire restaurants or bars Stalls selling a range of handmade gifts, including woolly hats, gloves, scarves, jewellery, handmade candles, wooden nutcrackers and other arts and crafts Traditional German foods like Lebkuchen, the German version of gingerbread often seen in cookie form, many kinds of sausages including Bratwurst, cheeses, hearty dishes like Langos (a deep-fried Hungarian flatbread with different savoury or sweet toppings) or goulash, and Spätzle Mulled wine for those who drink alcohol, not so much beer A location in a square in the Altstadt, the old part of a town. And in cities - lots of different markets in different areas To Magrita, 66, who is enjoying a mulled wine with her husband Dietmar, 69, German Christmas markets are characterised by their unique atmosphere: "The colourful lights and Christmas decorations make it so special." Dietmar explains how "Christmas markets are not the same as other markets labelled as 'Winter Market' or 'Winter Wonderland,' because of the fairytale-like feeling you only get at an authentic Christmas market". Anna and Karolina were enjoying the Berlin market Other Christmas markets in the UK Back in the UK, while Birmingham can boast about its markets authenticity, what of other locations in the UK? When the BBC visited the market in Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, earlier this week, we saw an open mic night, including a rendition of Neil Young's Heart of Gold, and stalls selling the likes of pasta, Greek gyros and Yorkshire pudding wraps. "We're doing our British version of the Bratwurst." But having been to Christmas markets across Europe himself, he felt the ones in the UK were "not as good" and "a bit more commercial". Amelia Shannon (second from left) came to Kingston Christmas market with her friends, all drama students Anne-Teresa Markovic, an academic originally from Nuremberg, says she was struck by the range of food and drink offerings being "more prominent" there than in Germany while visiting Christmas markets in Manchester and Leeds. Katharina Karcher has noticed Santa Claus becoming more prominent at German Christmas markets The warm glow exuded by Germany's Christmas markets was dimmed during deadly car attacks on a market in Berlin in 2016 and in the city of Magdeburg last year. "Christmas markets are not defined by their location," explains Anna, "but by the festive atmosphere and the time of the year when they take place." Eight other 2025 Christmas markets in the UK you might like: Wells, Somerset: Taking place in the cathedral city for for one day, Saturday 6 December, featuring more than 100 stalls Taking place in the cathedral city for for one day, Saturday 6 December, featuring more than 100 stalls Canterbury, Kent: With 120 stalls, including in the grounds of its 11th-century cathedral, running until Christmas Eve With 120 stalls, including in the grounds of its 11th-century cathedral, running until Christmas Eve Haddon Hall, Derbyshire: Pre-booked tickets with parking at the country house have sold out, but non-parking tickets are available on the door for £9.50 Pre-booked tickets with parking at the country house have sold out, but non-parking tickets are available on the door for £9.50 Chester, Cheshire: Stalls line Tudor and mock-Tudor streets, running until Monday 22 December, including a stall operated by Chester Zoo Stalls line Tudor and mock-Tudor streets, running until Monday 22 December, including a stall operated by Chester Zoo Hillsborough, County Down, Northern Ireland: Taking place on Friday 12 and Saturday 13 December, set against the 17th century Hillsborough Fort Taking place on Friday 12 and Saturday 13 December, set against the 17th century Hillsborough Fort Aberdeen Christmas Village, Scotland : Featuring an ice rink and lots of stalls, it's running until 31 December : Featuring an ice rink and lots of stalls, it's running until 31 December Portmeirion, North Wales: A scenic location in Gwynedd, running from Friday 5 to Sunday 7 December with a £10 entry fee A scenic location in Gwynedd, running from Friday 5 to Sunday 7 December with a £10 entry fee Winchester, Hampshire: The Christmas market surrounds the cathedral, open until Monday 22 December

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn7kgejn5vno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "Reeves on the brink over tax lies" says the Daily Telegraph, as it reports Chancellor Rachel Reeves is being accused of misleading the public over the state of the country's public finances. The paper says the chancellor is fighting for her job after the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) revealed a forecast of higher wages - which she had not mentioned - would help her meet spending rules. The Independent follows with "Reeves 'misled the public' over fake fiscal black hole", focusing on the OBR telling the chancellor that instead of a deficit, she had a surplus of £4.2bn. The paper says its own polling shows Reeves's Budget is "the least popular since Liz Truss era" but voters do like some measures, including higher gambling taxes and the minimum wage hike. In an interview with the paper, Reeves says her decision to increase taxes by £26bn aims to help improve schools, hospitals, and infrastructure, and that she made "fair and necessary choices".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c7vm5d42r8mo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It's just AI 48 minutes ago Share Save Kerena Cobbina Share Save @zoeilanahill Influencer Zoe Ilana Hill took part in the new AI animal trend on Instagram WARNING: ALL PHOTOS FEATURING ANIMALS HAVE BEEN CREATED USING AI When scrolling through social media recently, you might have noticed posts which seem a bit… off. Grainy CCTV footage of a dog saving a child from a bear attack, a video of wild bunnies on a trampoline or a picture of a Christmas market outside Buckingham Palace. Both social media users and content creators say they're worried that AI slop flooding feeds is leading to a less authentic online experience - and is drowning out real posts. @zoeilanahill Zoe was inspired to jump on the trend after seeing another influencer doing it "I was like, that's really niche because it looks so real," influencer Zoe Ilana Hill says. The 26-year-old jumped on the trend after being impressed by the imaginative way another content creator had used AI, by editing some of her original photos and adding AI dogs. Zoe, who has 82,000 followers, says she feels like platforms such as Facebook, Instagram and TikTok are trying to "push" and "force AI" on users, and has seen her fair share of slop her own feed. But she saw potential in the AI animal trend, adding that she suspected the post would perform well as she thought social media users would "be like, oh my God, she's holding a deer". @zoeilanahill Zoe marked her post so users knew it was AI generated - but some people still believed it was real at first glance Zoe says her post was a success - with more than 20,000 likes and comments including: "No stop this is the cutest thing ever" and "this trend is adorable!!!!" Whenever Zoe posts a photo made with AI, she likes to make it clear it's a generated image, "there is actually a tag [on Instagram] where you can say this photo was created by AI". I saw a post like this three times today." Another replied concerned for the generated animals' welfare, adding "there are plenty of dogs sitting in animal shelters who would like to have a nice home". @clarainvogue Clara Sandell added AI tigers to her post after seeing the trend "everywhere" "Hot girls have started using AI," wrote one X user discussing the trend by sharing animal photos from various influencers in a post viewed almost 27 million times. Another X user responded: "They are not hot because they use AI for mindless slop that could easily be done by hand with Photoshop." Clara Sandell, a marketing professional and digital creator from Finland took part in the trend after she saw it "everywhere" and found the posts "so cute". When asked if she would participate in future AI trends she replied "depending on how cute the trend is," and if it was transparent so that you can "see it's AI" being used. Matt Navarra Matt Navarra believes AI will "dominate" social media in 2026 For content creators looking to create high-quality images, social media consultant Matt Navarra thinks that AI makes it easier to produce "fantastical high gloss" and "aesthetic" content for influencers, "whether it's wild animals generated, through to something that's much more believable". Whilst some of the AI content we see online is unrealistic and evidentially not real, Mr Navarra says "most people who are serious about being a creator or an influencer want to maintain a reputation". He believes many creators are "doubling down on the realness" to give themselves a place on the feed amongst "a sea of AI-generated content which is flooding or AI slop as it's been termed". The consultant says he predicts 2026 will be the year of AI dominated content on social media, adding: "If you thought that AI animal content was quirky, I think buckle up". Katina Bajaj AI slop is part of the "creative process", according to creative health scientist Katina Bajaj AI slop isn't necessarily a bad thing - "but the speed and volume of what we're creating" is what concerns creative health scientist Katina Bajaj. She explains that from her perspective, the solution to AI slop isn't to ban it or "look down upon AI tools," but to "prioritise and value our creative health more than generating endless content".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx272dj04rno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Going viral doesn't mean you're earning millions' 2 hours ago Share Save Kate Morgan , Wales community correspondent and Sian Elin Dafydd , BBC Wales Share Save BBC Zoe Trigwell says she feels a lot of pressure to be seen as perfect online as a woman in business After one of her make-up products "went viral" on social media, people assumed Zoe Trigwell was an overnight success and a millionaire. "I paid myself a small wage just so that we could live and get by but I didn't take any massive chunks of money, especially in those days when we started go viral, because every single penny that was made had to be reinvested to keep up with the demands," Zoe said. Lauren Bell says she's moving her entire business to the United States after struggling to find serious investment here Entrepreneur Lauren Bell said it took four years before she was able to take a salary from her business, Cosi Care. "They see me in a pink suit with a nice Welsh accent, and they just don't believe that you can reach those levels." The entrepreneur said that while she's really proud of what she's achieved as a woman in a STEM industry, it's a "shame" she didn't have more support in the early days. I'm manufacturing in America and moving everything over to America, which is a real shame, because I did really try and do it in the UK, but there just wasn't the same scale of support for female-owned businesses," she said. Dr Sarah Marks said many female entrepreneurs faced returning to employment after struggling to make a living Dr Sarah Marks from Swansea University agreed business owners are under pressure to present themselves as successful online.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyn5e641yjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The village church that hosted a Hollywood whodunnit 45 minutes ago Share Save Laura Foster Epping Forest Share Save John Wilson/Netflix Knives Out writer-director Rian Johnson briefs Daniel Craig and Josh O'Connor at the entrance to Holy Innocents Church graveyard Last summer, in a peaceful corner of one of England's most ancient forests, birdsong met boom mics. About 60 people make up the congregation of Holy Innocents Church at High Beach in Epping Forest, though none of them are as famous as Daniel Craig, Glenn Close or Mila Kunis. Laura Foster/BBC Holy Innocents Church was chosen for its look and woodland setting Team vicar, the Reverend Jane Yeadon, was so keen to be on set during filming that she had it written into the contract. This was to help protect the church, built in 1873, and to make sure no-one trod on any graves, but also because she was - and remains - a massive fan of the series. Laura Foster/BBC At one point, actress Mila Kunis mistook the Reverend Jane Yeadon for one of the film's extras During filming in summer 2024, the area around the church became "busier than Piccadilly Circus", she says, describing the experience as "surreal". EPA/Shutterstock Glenn Close, Mila Kunis, Josh Brolin and Andrew Scott were among the star-studded cast on the red carpet for the film's premiere in London in October Location manager, Rachel Hyde, says every inch of the graveyard and the surrounding roads were used for filming, while the church interior became the actors' green room. "The whole of London gets so busy with filming nowadays because there is so much of it, so it is great to use the Home Counties more and more," she says. Laura Foster/BBC Rachel Hyde says the film crew made full use of the church and surrounding area Apparently, though, the stories did spook some of the security team, who had to guard the set late at night. Erica Gilson from the film office says: "It is really exciting what opportunities that could open up into showcasing Essex to domestic and international travel." Laura Foster/BBC Security guards were needed to protect the set during filming Instagram/@rhiancjohnson The sign featured in Rian Johnson's "wrap" post is not related to the plot of the film, but was helpful to cast and crew during filming Meanwhile, Ms Yeadon is looking forward to seeing the film in its entirety, as she has so far only seen some individual scenes shot on location. "I want to see what happens as much as anyone else!" Wake Up Dead Man: A Knives Out Mystery is out in selected cinemas and on Netflix from 12 December.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/28/nx-s1-5624478/trump-plans-to-pardon-juan-orlando-hernandez
Article: — President Donald Trump said Friday that he will be pardoning former Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez, who in 2024 was convicted for drug trafficking and weapons charges and sentenced to 45 years in prison. The president explained his decision on social media by posting that "according to many people that I greatly respect," Hernandez was "treated very harshly and unfairly." In March of last year, Hernandez was convicted in U.S. But if Asfura loses the election this Sunday, Trump posted that "the United States will not be throwing good money after bad, because a wrong Leader can only bring catastrophic results to a country, no matter which country it is." Asfura, 67, is making his second run for president for the conservative National Party. In addition to Asfura, there are two other likely contenders for Honduras' presidency: Rixi Moncada, who served as the finance and later defense secretary before leaving to run for president for the incumbent democratic socialist Libre party, and Salvador Nasralla, a former television personality who is making his fourth bid for the presidency, this time as the candidate for the Liberal Party. Sponsor Message Trump has framed Honduras' election as trial for democracy, suggesting in a separate Truth Social post that if Asfura loses, the country could go the way of Venezuela and fall under the influence of that country's leader, Nicolás Maduro. "I fully support Tito Asfura, who is the candidate who best represents the opposition to the leftist tyrants who have destroyed Honduras," the libertarian president said on his X account.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/select/shopping/best-black-friday-deals-live-2025-rcna245656
Article: Best Black Friday overall deals 4.7-star average rating from 45,774 reviews on Amazon I put these trackers in my bags, suitcases and wallet, as well as attach them to my keys, so I always know where my belongings are. 4.8-star average rating from 83,578 reviews on Amazon It’s always a good idea to have extra batteries at home, but they’re especially useful around the holidays to power string lights, toys and remotes. 4.5-star average rating from 30,172 reviews on Amazon According to NBC Select tech reporter Harry Rabinowitz, the Apple AirPods 4 are some of the best noise-cancelling earbuds for iPhone users. 4.5-star average rating from 12,266 reviews on Amazon “My skin looks clearer and feels smoother since I started using these exfoliating toner pads,” says NBC Select editorial projects manager Rebecca Rodriguez. “You use the embossed side first to remove dead skin cells, then use the smooth side, which is so soothing on my skin.” The pads are made with 4.5% lactic acid (an AHA) and 0.45% salicylic acid (a BHA) to reduce the appearance of pores, refine skin texture and decrease greasiness, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 570,772 reviews on Amazon Once you connect devices like lamps, fans and coffee makers to Amazon’s smart plugs, you can control them remotely from the Alexa app or via voice commands. 4.8-star average rating from 122,395 reviews on Amazon LifeStraw’s personal water filter, which you use like a straw, is ideal for those who frequently hike or camp, and it’s a great addition to anyone’s emergency kit. It removes over 99% of bacteria, parasites and microplastics from water, and you can use it to filter 1,000 gallons before you need a new one, according to the brand. 4.2-star average rating from 72,511 reviews on Amazon This cordless water flosser, which earned the American Dental Association’s Seal of Acceptance, is an effective alternative to string floss that helps remove gunk between your teeth. It comes with four interchangeable tips that rotate 360 degrees to reach all areas of your mouth, and it has three pressure settings, plus a 7-ounce removable reservoir that holds enough water for 45 seconds of use. 4.5-star average rating from 16,535 reviews on Amazon The Birdie is one of our favorite personal safety keychains, and you can hook it to a bag with the included carabiner. About six weeks later, you’ll get your results online, giving you information about your origins around the world and over 75 traits you may have a propensity for, like cilantro aversion and freckles. 4.2-star average rating from 4,201 reviews on Amazon Upgrade your electric toothbrush with this rechargeable option from Philips, which has a built-in 2-minute timer and vibrates to scrub your teeth. Best Black Friday tech deals 4.6-star average rating from 66,998 reviews on Amazon Once you plug Amazon’s Fire Stick into your TV’s HDMI port, you can stream movies, shows and music from your favorite platforms in 4K Ultra HD. The massage gun connects to the Therabody app via Bluetooth, letting you use pre-programmed routines, and it offers about 180 minutes of battery life when fully charged, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 13,699 reviews on Amazon Marshall’s portable Bluetooth speaker gives you a surround-sound experience with rich, clear audio, and you get up to 30 hours of playtime on a single charge, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 10,732 reviews on Amazon The PlayStation 5 console displays games in 4K, making graphics look vibrant and smooth, and it has 3D sound output to immerse you in different worlds. In addition to thousands of PS5 games, the console is “backwards compatible,” so it works with most PS4 games, too Best Black Friday home deals 4.4-star average rating from 119,321 reviews on Amazon Shark’s upright vacuum cleans up messes on carpets and bare floors, and it’s equipped with a HEPA filter to trap dust and allergens. 4.4-star average rating from 101,550 reviews on Amazon I’ve used this spot cleaner to get coffee, red wine, pet accidents and mud out of light-colored carpets and fabric furniture, so it’s a miracle worker in my book. 4.7-star average rating from 17,261 reviews on Amazon I have Aura’s digital picture frame displayed in my living room, and I love watching it flip through my favorite memories — my guests often compliment it, too, so I’ve gifted it to a few loved ones. 5.0-star average rating from 16,177 reviews at Lola Blankets I’m not exaggerating when I say Lola’s double-sided blankets are some of the softest I’ve ever felt, and snuggling in mine is always the most relaxing part of my day. Best Black Friday kitchen deals 4.8-star average rating from 19,588 reviews on Amazon I always buy more food containers during the holiday season to store leftovers and to help me prep ingredients before cooking meals for celebrations. 4.4-star average rating from 4,604 reviews on Amazon This single-serve machine lets you brew 8-, 10- or 12-ounce cups of coffee using its large 42-ounce removable water reservoir, so you can make a few cups before refilling it. 4.60-star average rating from 3,021 reviews on Amazon You can put 20 ounces of coffee in this insulated, stainless steel tumbler, which keeps your beverages hot for up to 6 hours or cold for up to 24 hours, according to the brand. 4.2-star average rating from 115,749 reviews on Amazon When you put this kitchen gadget on top of an aluminum can and press the start button, it automatically rotates around the lid to cut it off. It’s the perfect kettle to use for a traditional Argentinian tea called mate, which I drink every day.” The electric kettle, which has a 0.9-liter capacity, also lets you schedule boils in advance, and it automatically shuts off after a period of non-use. Best Black Friday beauty and wellness deals 4.6-star average rating from 5,815 reviews on Amazon Kiehl’s Ultra Facial Cream is one of my go-to daily moisturizers because it’s gentle on my sensitive skin, never makes me break out and hydrates even the driest, flakiest patches. 4.6-star average rating from 96,008 reviews on Amazon Cosrx’s essence is made with 96% snail mucin, an ingredient that brightens, plumps and hydrates skin, as well as reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, according to the brand. It’s also a heat protectant up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit, according to the brand, and I use it to break the cast on my curls when I style them with gel. Its filter removes chlorine, heavy metals and other contaminants from water, and it comes with all the materials and instructions you need for installation (which takes less than 10 minutes). 4.3-star average rating from 104,139 reviews on Amazon Color Wow’s Dream Coat spray helps hair repel moisture and humidity to prevent frizz, and it makes hair look glossy and smooth. “I’ve been using the spray for over two years and I don’t remember what it was like to blow dry my hair without it,” says associate commerce social editor Caitlin Cusack. “It makes a noticeable difference in my frizz and leaves my hair feeling soft for days between washes.” The brand recommends reapplying it every three to four shampoos, and there’s also a version for curly hair that I swear by. “They feel soothing and hydrating the instant I put them on, and leave my skin glowy the next morning.” The sheet masks come individually wrapped in a pack of four and are soaked in a serum made from ingredients like niacinamide, collagen peptides and hyaluronic acid. 4.0-star average rating from 1,911 reviews at Alo Alo’s Warrior Mat is the complete package in my book, and I’ve relied on it during hot yoga, HIIT and pilates classes for years. It’s oversized, giving me ample room to work out, and on the heavier side, which is one of my favorite parts about it — the Warrior Mat never moves around while I’m jumping or running in place. Best Black Friday travel deals 4.4-star average rating from 8,374 reviews on Amazon I never travel without this foldable wireless charging pad, which repowers my phone, earbuds and Apple Watch when it’s flat. You can also fold it into a phone stand, as well as a compact disc that takes up very little space in your bag — for easy access, I slip it into an outside pocket of my backpack or suitcase. 3 Lowe’s: Up to 50% off select products sitewide Nordstrom: Up to 60% off sitewide and up to 40% off designer clearance through Sephora: Up to 50% off sitewide, plus new deals daily up to 30% off, through Dec. 2 Starz: $2.99 per month for three months (73% off) when you sign up for a monthly plan Best tech sales Tile: Up to 41% off Tile trackers sitewide through Dec. 1 Garmin: Up to $500 of smartwatches and tech for sports, fitness, outdoor recreation and more Hatch: $30 off the Hatch Restore Whoop: Up to 70% off devices, plus discounts on memberships, through Dec. 1 Panasonic: Up to 32% off tech sitewide Best home sales Best kitchen sales Great Jones: Up to 50% off sitewide Our Place: Up to 35% off sitewide Hydro Flask: 25% off sitewide (limited exceptions), plus 50% off the sale section, through Dec. 8 HigherDose: 20% off sitewide with code BFCM2025 and 30% off bundles Larq: Up to 30% off sitewide Flaus: 25% off sitewide and up to 40% off bundles through Dec. 1 Little Sleepies: Up to 30% off sitewide with code COMFY Best travel sales Away: 25% off sitewide, plus an extra 10% off when you spend $750 Samsonite: Up to 40% off sitewide Calpak: Up to 60% off select items and 20% off sitewide through Dec. 9, plus an extra 10% off full-price items with code THANKS10 through Dec 3 How I found The Best Black Friday Deals All of my recommendations above are based on NBC Select’s previous coverage and reporting, including products the NBC Select staff tested firsthand. I also wrote about every deal in this article and worked with NBC Select editors to finalize the live list, which I’m frequently updating throughout Black Friday to reflect the most up-to-date prices.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1dz36ep673o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: How Trump's pledge to tackle Sudan atrocities could play out 1 hour ago Share Save Alex de Waal Africa analyst Share Save Reuters The millions who have fled Sudan's conflict are desperate for it to end Wracked by war for two-and-a-half years, Sudan lies in ruins. I thought it was just something that was crazy and out of control." But that was before a White House meeting 10 days ago with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia. In fact, the US had already been involved in negotiations, but perhaps Trump's personal leverage with the leaders of those allies – all accused of backing one side or the other in Sudan – could make a difference. With nearly 12 million driven from their homes and famine conditions continuing in parts of the country, the Sudanese are desperate for something – anything - that could break the deadlock. Reuters Mohammed bin Salman seems to have persuaded Donald Trump to get involved in efforts to bring peace to Sudan The RSF fighters rampaged through the city, killing, raping and looting. Reuters The war began in April 2023 after Gen Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo (L) fell out with Gen Abdel Fattah al-Burhan (R) over the future direction of the country During 40 years of wars in southern Sudan, Darfur and elsewhere, this mindset has meant that Sudan's leaders spurn formulas for peace offered by mediators. They established the "Quad" - the US plus Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the UAE - and drafted a plan with three key elements: a ceasefire access for humanitarian aid negotiations to set up a government headed by civilians. The problem is that Saudi Arabia and the UAE are engaged in a fierce rivalry for influence across the Arab world, including countries such as Yemen and Syria, as well as Sudan. The two also have policy differences, especially on how to handle the Muslim Brotherhood - Saudi Arabia can tolerate the Islamists provided they do not have a leading role, whereas the UAE considers it a terrorist organisation. Because Burhan's coalition includes Islamists, who were powerful and wealthy during the 30-year rule of former President Omar al-Bashir from 1989 to 2019, the UAE has taken sides against them. Despite his personal appeal to the US president, it is not clear whether Bin Salman offered to set aside his differences with the Emirati leader in order to make peace in Sudan. He wants to see a bigger role for Saudi Arabia in the mediation, and the UAE shut out of it – which is a green light to intensify the war, not end it. Reuters Some of those who managed to flee el-Fasher in October headed west to the border with Chad In order to really be effective, Trump would need to exert enormous pressure on the UAE to end its reported backing of the RSF. But with bigger issues at stake - the UAE is the champion of the Abraham Accords and a major investment partner - the Trump White House is not likely to take sides against Abu Dhabi over the war in Sudan.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/top-zelenskyy-aide-resigns-in-midst-of-ukraine-corruption-scandal
Article: Jack Hewson: Well, the scandal is about an investigation by the anti-corruption authorities called Operation Midas, which has resulted in a string of high-level raids and charges over the last month. And Mindich and his broader group of appointees and ministers are accused of embezzling $100 million worth of public money that was supposed to be spent on the energy sector. So, right now, with Ukraine under daily bombardment by Russian drones and missiles, which are blowing up electricity stations and substations, causing blackouts, as you can imagine, Ukrainians are absolutely furious that, at this time of suffering, these Cabinet ministers have allegedly been stealing public money that should have been spent on fixing this electricity grid, instead of enriching themselves. It allows Putin to draw an equivalent between Ukraine and far more corrupt or dictatorial regimes, and it throws the peace negotiation into temporary disarray, as Yermak was also Zelenskyy's lead negotiator. Jack Hewson: And many perceive this weakened position that Ukraine now finds itself in as a complicating factor in why the Trump administration is able to push hard for a peace deal on terms that many perceive to be too favorable to Russia — John.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/questions-emerge-about-national-guard-shooters-motives-and-the-impact-on-immigrants
Article: John Yang: Tonight, more details are coming to light about this week's shooting of two West Virginia National Guard members, one of them fatally, just blocks from the White House, and new questions are emerging about the shooter's motives and what the attack could mean for immigrants across the country. Liz Landers: The president and his allies also took to social media, with Trump promising to — quote — "permanently pause migration from all Third World countries." And his deputy chief of staff, Stephen Miller, tweeted — quote — "that migrants and their descendants recreate the conditions and terrors of their broken homelands." The shooter's motive for the attack remains unclear. Her father posted this message on Facebook, writing — quote — "My baby girl has passed to glory." West Virginia's Governor Patrick Morrisey said 24-year-old Staff Sergeant Andrew Wolfe, who was also shot in the attack, remains in critical condition.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/trump-vows-to-stop-immigration-from-poorer-countries-after-fatal-national-guard-shooting
Article: Unfortunately, what the president has taken away from this attack is that all of 53 million, as he says, immigrants to the United States, legal or illegal, are now seen as suspicious, as people who should be driven out of the United States, even denaturalized. But this was really the broadest attack that I can remember on the immigrant population overall, both legal and illegal, even the naturalized citizens who have taken the oath to the Constitution of the United States. And what he's talking about here, net asset, all this stuff, there is some ambiguity in the law, but there's not that much ambiguity, and it will be difficult for him to actually follow through on that promise and effectively deport most of the legal immigrants in the United States. Liz Landers: The treasury secretary, Scott Bessent, is saying that his agency is going to issue proposed regulations clarifying that the refunded portions of certain individual income tax benefits are no longer available to illegal and other non-qualified aliens. So, you submit your application for benefits along with your income tax return, checking that box that you have a Social Security number that is work-eligible, which is the basis for the refund or otherwise. Unfortunately, Congress is the one who sets the rules for this, and they just went through this tax reform bill that they put forward and they didn't go all the way with this idea effectively barring most noncitizens from those. He's come out with a number of different ideas on those lines, including the total shutdown of the refugee program, a ban on most immigration from 19 different countries, restrictions on the H-1B high-skilled visa.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/tips-for-holiday-shopping-in-a-year-when-prices-are-rising
Article: John Yang: The Internet has, of course, revolutionized holiday shopping, and now worries about the labor market and the effect tariffs are having are prompting even more Americans to search online for holiday deals. Stephanie Sy: President Trump introduced some tariffs on imports in his first term, but, in his second term, the administration's aggressive tariffs on a wide range of imports have affected manufacturers, sellers and customers. For help with navigating this and finding the best deals, I'm joined by Annemarie Conte, a deputy editor at New York Times' Wirecutter who wrote a piece on this very topic. And so they have tried to absorb as much as they can, but, according to our tracking, we have seen as little as a dollar or two, up to $20, $25, depending on the cost of the item. So if you need or want any electronics or headphones, laptops, things like that, gaming counsels, now is really the time to buy because you're going to get the best pricing, and we expect the prices to only increase in 2026. And so you can look on eBay or Poshmark or all sorts of secondhand sites or thrift stores, things like that, to find something that's wonderful and like a wonderful delight as a gift or for yourself.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/long-overlooked-marvel-of-ancient-indigenous-engineering-gets-validation-in-ohio
Article: I think this was like Mecca or like Jerusalem as a pilgrimage center, but, without a Koran or a Bible, we don't have the knowledge of who these ceremony leaders were. And to then look out and see that those mounds had a golf course on top of them, I can't explain the disappointment, the hurt, the lack of respect that I felt on behalf of my ancestors. Jennifer Aultman, Director of Historic Sites and Museums, Ohio History Connection: It was very much that sort of private aspect that made it really challenging for us even to do things like research. Stephanie Sy: Jennifer Aultman is the director of historic sites and museums at Ohio History Connection, which hatched a plan for the long overlooked ancient mounds more than two decades ago. But to be in that room with representatives from all over the world and have Chief Glenna, whose people were forcibly removed from Ohio, speak, that was the moment that it really came home, like, how important this was that we did this.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/28/sarah-beckstrom-national-guard-shooting/
Article: “She just really was more intrigued by the FBI, with how they work in their mind and their purpose of why they do it, how they got there,” Adam Carr, her former boyfriend, said. She would tell me, ‘If we ain’t allowed to do anything, why are we here?’” On Wednesday afternoon, Beckstrom was on patrol outside the Farragut West Metro Station near 17th and I streets when she and a fellow National Guard member, Staff Sgt. Tributes to Beckstrom and Wolfe have come from Trump, who called her an “incredible person, outstanding in every single way,” during a video call with service members from Mar-a-Lago on Thursday, and from West Virginia Gov. Vigils have been held in Beckstrom’s hometown of Webster Springs and another is scheduled for Saturday evening at her former high school, where she played softball, studied health science and graduated with honors. Her decision to serve her country reflects the very best of what we hope to instill in our Highlander students.” In Wolfe’s hometown of Martinsburg, sorrow and dismay at the senselessness of the crime were evident among people who knew the family and those who had never met them. For me, it’s inconceivable that it could or should happen,” said Jim Creek, a 78-year-old Republican who owns a bookstore in downtown Martinsburg and who supports gun rights but also stricter gun control. But if they say it should have never happened, they might say there shouldn’t be any National Guard in D.C.” Tonya Fleming, a neighbor of Wolfe’s apartment in central Martinsburg, was shocked to learn one of the victims lived on her street — but not that he was from her area. “As soon as I saw the news story, [my boyfriend] and I both looked at each other and said the chances of it being somebody from Berkeley County is very great, being near D.C.,” Fleming said. Another of Wolfe’s neighbors, Colleen Mooney, said the residents of this neighborhood, on the outskirts of historic downtown Martinsburg, “are very conscientious of each other, and we do look out for each other.” Mooney doesn’t know Wolfe personally but said, “I just hope that he felt, regardless what we believe, regardless what we all agree on, I hope in his heart he believed that he was doing the right thing.” Beckstrom ultimately wanted to go to college but in the meantime, Carr said, she took a job at Seneca Health Services, a certified community behavioral health center where her mother worked. Beckstrom worked with addicts and people with mental health issues, Carr said, and that suited her because she was very “bighearted.” She forgave everyone who ever mistreated her, he said. You know, she wanted to make sure that her sister was hanging out with the right people and involved in the right activities and things like that.” Her school bus driver, Kenneth Kidd, said “she just glowed when she talked about the National Guard when she was on the bus.” All throughout her senior year, Kidd said, she talked on the bus about how she planned to enlist. “When you see someone that is her age, that is motivated and determined and knows what they want, has very clear goals and they’re achieving those goals, and you’re just thankful when you’re grateful that kids like Sarah are the kind of people that you want taking care of you and serving.” Beckstrom and Carr stayed together after high school and moved together to Summersville, a slightly larger small town 45 minutes closer to Beckstrom’s base.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/hegseth-declines-comment-report-boat-survivors-killed-result/story?id=127951385
Article: "The Department has no response to this article." Hegseth declines to comment on report that boat survivors were killed as a result of his orders to military Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth looks on during a meeting with President Donald Trump and Saudi Crown Prince and Prime Minister Mohammed bin Salman in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, November 18, 2025. Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth looks on during a meeting with President Donald Trump and Saudi Crown Prince and Prime Minister Mohammed bin Salman in the Oval Office at the White House in Washington, November 18, 2025. Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth is declining to comment on a report that he ordered the military to kill all passengers aboard a boat suspected of ferrying drugs in the Caribbean Sea in September. Mitch Bradley, head of Special Operations Command, then ordered a second strike in order to comply with Hegseth's orders and to ensure the survivors couldn't call on other traffickers to retrieve them and their cargo. If true, it is unclear why Bradley wouldn't have ordered troops to collect the survivors and their cargo from the water, as the military did in a subsequent strike when two survivors were taken aboard a Navy ship via helicopter. They argue the strikes are legal because Trump has designated drug cartels as "foreign terrorist organizations." Many legal experts say that line of thinking, though, is unprecedented and say the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/editorial-roundup-united-states-127952619
Article: But working with imperfect partners does not mean that the United States should cover up and lie about their misdeeds, as President Trump did when receiving Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia’s de facto ruler, in the Oval Office on Tuesday. Trump embraced the prince’s implausible claim of innocence in the 2018 murder of Jamal Khashoggi, a Saudi citizen and journalist, and berated Mary Bruce, of ABC News, for asking about the killing. “You don’t have to embarrass our guest by asking a question like that.” The role of the news media in our democracy is not to flatter foreign leaders or, for that matter, American ones. Bruce “a terrible person” and told another female reporter, “Quiet, piggy.” His behavior suggests that he would prefer an American news media that behaves more like Saudi Arabia’s largely muzzled and obsequious media. White House border czar Tom Homan revealed last week he is planning a widespread dragnet across the Big Apple “in the near future,” in addition to enforcement sweeps already happening. Lyons, acting director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, has said they wouldn’t feel compelled to be so aggressive if localities willingly turned over “violent criminal aliens.” Lyons raised a valid public safety concern. Some progressive states and cities limit local law enforcements’ ability to honor ICE detainers, or requests for law enforcement to hold people past their release date, unless a serious crime has been committed. “Bringing hell” to Boston, as Homan promised to cheers at the Conservative Political Action Conference in February, hasn’t gotten Massachusetts to change its policy on honoring ICE detainers, but it did make Boston’s defiant mayor, Michelle Wu, a progressive hero. In October, Trump’s own Labor Department released a document that “the near total cessation of the inflow of illegal aliens combined with the lack of an available legal workforce” is disrupting production costs and “threatening the stability of domestic food production and prices for U.S consumers. In April, his administration issued an executive order allowing ICE into New York’s Rikers Island prison complex to investigate transnational gang members, just days after federal prosecutors dismissed corruption charges against the mayor. His order was blocked in September by the New York State Supreme Court because of an “impermissible appearance of a conflict of interest.” At his chummy news conference with Trump on Friday, Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani said New York’s laws allow the city to coordinate with ICE on some serious crimes, but that these have “very little to do” with the deportation of women and children whose only crime is being in the country illegally. 21 The Wall Street Journal on what Trump's latest peace offering means for Russia and Ukraine The Trump Administration is making another run at ending the war in Ukraine, and a lasting peace with honor would be a laudable achievement. The 28-point plan that was mooted in the press but became public on Thursday includes a reduction in Ukraine’s military and a cap on its manpower at 600,000, from about 900,000 now. Louis Post-Dispatch hope the GOPs defiance Trump on Epstein files is an indicator of things to come America doesn’t yet know, and will probably never know, what if any role Donald Trump played in Jeffrey Epstein’s sick world of child sex trafficking. Whatever this president says, there’s zero chance that his compliant Justice Department will allow anything damning or even unflattering about him to emerge when they finally release the long-awaited, heavily redacted Epstein files. On this issue, the GOP lapdogs rebelled, making clear they were ready to defy Trump’s resistance to releasing the files — to the point that he finally had to lurch to the head of that parade and pretend he was leading it, lest he get trampled by it. Which raises an encouraging question: If congressional Republicans can finally find the grit to actually carry out their duty of checking presidential power on this one issue, might there theoretically be others? Epstein, of course, was the wealthy financier who hung himself in his jail cell in 2019 while awaiting trial on charges of sex trafficking minors in New York and Florida. Trump himself helped light that fuse with his usual reckless conspiracy-mongering, such as retweeting an allegation shortly after Epstein’s death that Epstein “had information on Bill Clinton & now he’s dead.” It was largely Trump’s drumbeat on the issue, starting in his first presidential term, that convinced his MAGA movement to treat the release of the Epstein files as a holy quest. This cannot be said emphatically enough: Through the entire Epstein saga this year, Trump has always had the authority to simply order all the Epstein records in the federal government’s possession released. Before those bipartisan, nearly unanimous congressional votes in the past week, Trump and his people, including Attorney General Pam Bondi, had been trying to douse the issue, claiming (in a reversal of their own previous claims) that the much-speculated-upon Epstein “client list” of fellow pedophiles didn’t actually exist. At the same time, multiple media outlets have reported that the Justice Department has been scouring hundreds of thousands of Epstein documents on orders to redact any mention of Trump. In any case, Trump had lobbied for months to prevent congressional Republicans from taking up legislation to force release of the files, dismissing as a “Democrat hoax” the very conspiracies he used to promote. It was only when it became clear that congressional Republicans were on a path to defy him anyway and demand the files that Trump again pirouetted and publicly backed the legislation. As Americans of every political persuasion watch their president driving up prices with spastic, rogue tariff policies, violating the Constitution left and right with unauthorized spending cuts and personal enrichment, scuttling due process and the rule of law, militarizing our streets, and threatening the American project in so many other ways — all while Congress generally sits by, whistling — here’s hoping they take this as a lesson in the politics of the possible. The Guardian last week revealed US plans for the long-term division of Gaza into a “green zone” under Israeli and international control, to be redeveloped, and a “red zone” left in ruins; a US official described reunion of the strip as “aspirational”. This vision – with international troops essentially propping up Israeli occupation, and Palestinians drawn to those areas to escape squalor and chaos elsewhere – echoes disastrous US policies in Iraq and Afghanistan. The resolution improved on a draft text and won backing from the Arab world – and angry rejection from the Israeli right – by including references to a Palestinian state and Israeli withdrawal. Some believe that this is the best that can be salvaged from current circumstances, given Mr Trump’s presidency; others hope that it is just possible that this unpromising start could allow something better to be forged.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/communities-honor-west-virginia-national-guard-members-shot-127951102
Article: West Virginia communities and officials are honoring two members of the state's National Guard who were shot in Washington, D.C., this week, lauding their dedication to serving their country By JEFFREY COLLINS Associated Press , BRUCE SCHREINER Associated Press , and SARAH BRUMFIELD Associated Press This combo from photos provided by the U.S. Attorney’s Office via AP) West Virginia communities and officials were honoring two members of the state's National Guard who were shot in Washington, D.C., this week, lauding their dedication to serving their country. Patrick Morrisey said Friday that Wolfe remains in “very critical condition." Both were described as selfless and dedicated, and had been deployed to Washington as part of a initiative to bolster public safety in the nation's capital. “Their courage and commitment to duty represent the very best of our state.” At a Thanksgiving night vigil at a wall honoring veterans in Webster Springs, West Virginia, a few dozen bundled up people gathered not long after the news came out of Beckstrom’s death. President Donald Trump called Beckstrom an “incredible person, outstanding in every single way.” One friend and classmate remembered her surprise at how someone remembered as a “girly girl” ended up wearing camouflage and training with a gun. Her former boyfriend, Adam Carr, told The New York Times she wasn’t initially excited about her deployment but grew to enjoy helping people and getting the chance to see memorials and museums. After high school, Beckstrom ended up in Summersville, where she was a community engagement specialist with a clinic that provides services for teens and young adults with mental illnesses, substance abuse problems or developmental disabilities, Summersville Mayor Robert Shafer said in a statement on Facebook. Jason Wolfe and his wife, Melody, wanted the public to know how much they appreciate their prayers for their son, Andy, and asked people to continue to pray for them. “We’re grateful for Andrew’s dedication — to our nation, to West Virginia and to the communities he helps keep connected.” Berkeley County schools confirmed that Wolfe graduated from Musselman High School in 2019. Principal Alicia Riggleman said during his time at the school, Wolfe was an engaged and high-achieving student “who embodied the Applemen spirit, contributing positively to our school community both academically and athletically.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/congo-rwanda-presidents-meet-us-sign-peace-deal-127950900
Article: next week to sign a peace agreement with Rwandan President Paul Kagame Congo and Rwanda presidents to meet in the US to sign peace deal KINSHASA, Congo -- Congo’s President Felix Tshisekedi will travel to the U.S. next week to sign a final agreement with his Rwandan counterpart aimed at securing peace in eastern Congo, the Congolese government said Friday, capping monthslong diplomatic efforts spearheaded by U.S. 4 signing comes a day after Rwanda's President Paul Kagame expressed optimism over the deal, but cautioned that lasting peace in Congo’s eastern region can only be achieved if “people directly concerned are committed to achieve results.” Eastern Congo has been battered by fighting between government forces and more than 100 armed groups, the most potent being the Rwanda-backed M23 rebels. In an interview with The Associated Press on Friday, Tina Salama, a spokesperson for Tshisekedi, said a peace deal must be reached with “no mixing or integration of M23 fighters.” She said the withdrawal of Rwandan troops has already been agreed to in an earlier agreement signed in June by both Congolese and Rwandan foreign ministers. “What is non-negotiable for us is the territorial integrity of the DRC.” Kagame on Thursday expressed concern that Congolese authorities are reneging on previous agreements and constantly shifting goalposts, adding that the success of the agreement will depend on the commitment of the two warring sides. “Some of these processes will not work not just because we are meeting in Washington or powerful United States is involved, but until those people concerned directly are committed to achieve end results,” Kagame said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/venezuelans-worried-economic-turmoil-shun-black-friday-deals-127951367
Article: CARACAS, Venezuela -- Window displays advertising 30% discounts and shoes for $20 were not enough to draw throngs of bargain hunters this Black Friday to a popular mall in Venezuela’s capital. “We don’t have the luxury of stopping because there’s going to be a war, because there’s a psychological war going on, because the government says one thing or the United States says another.” A day earlier, U.S. President Donald Trump increased pressure on his Venezuelan counterpart, Nicolás Maduro, by suggesting during a Thanksgiving address to troops that the military could “very soon” begin hitting alleged drug-trafficking targets within the South American country. Since returning to office, Trump has increased the pressure on Maduro and his allies, including by doubling to $50 million the reward for information that leads to his arrest on narcoterrorism charges. Yet, Venezuela’s monthly minimum wage of 130 bolivars, or $0.52, has not increased since 2022, putting it well below the United Nations’ measure of extreme poverty of $2.15 a day. The store’s windows promised shoes for $20, an unbeatable deal for García, who had set her eyes on boots that regularly range from $60 to $80, or more than 10% of the monthly combined income with her partner. “Due to the current economic situation, people are cutting back and only spending on the essentials, such as food.” Yarbelis Revilla, who works three jobs and considers herself a master bargain hunter, also looked around the mall for deals on shoes.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/parents-abducted-children-plead-nigerian-government-news-rescue-127950356
Article: Hundreds of parents in Nigeria are pleading for the rescue of their children abducted from a Catholic school last week Parents of abducted children plead with the Nigerian government for news of rescue Parents of abducted school children gather at the St. (AP Photo ) PAPIRI, Nigeria -- Hundreds of parents whose children were abducted last week at a Catholic school in north-central Niger gathered Friday at the school site to plead with the government for their children’s rescue. “They took some of them from their sleeping bed.” Nigeria’s President Bola Tinubu declared a state of emergency earlier this week, bolstering the country’s police force to combat escalating attacks. Since 2014, there have been at least a dozen mass abductions of school students, and at least 1,799 students have been kidnapped since then, according to a tally by AP. “We have parents who have two, three, five children with the abductors, and that is why we are here to tell the world that this is real," Stephen Okafor, spokesperson for the Minna Catholic Mission, told the AP.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/peru-declare-state-emergency-migrants-leaving-chile-trigger-127950359
Article: President José Jerí of Peru has announced a state of emergency along the country's southern border Migrants, mostly from Venezuela, wait to cross into Peru at the Chacalluta border crossing point in Arica, Chile, Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ibar Silva) SANTIAGO, Chile -- SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — President José Jerí of Peru said his government on Friday would declare a state of emergency along the country's southern border and deploy more armed forces to the area as a large number of Venezuelan migrants venture north from Chile, where anti-immigrant sentiment has surged during a fraught presidential campaign. Hundreds of thousands of migrants fleeing crises in their home countries or seeking better opportunities abroad long have traversed the continent and the Peruvian border to build new lives in Chile, one of Latin America’s most stable and prosperous nations. But scores of people without legal status in Chile — mostly Venezuelans who abandoned their country's economic ruin and authoritarian rule in recent years — are now also headed in the other direction as Chile prepares to harden its stance against immigration. “You have 111 days to leave Chile voluntarily,” Kast said in the ad, referring to the number of days until a new administration takes over from current left-wing President Gabriel Boric. You will leave with only the clothes on your back.” Soon Peruvian media was awash with images of migrant families rushing north from Chile into Peru, their belongings stuffed in backpacks and garbage bags. There is no clear figure for how many people have decided to leave Chile against the backdrop of Kast’s threats of mass deportations and what immigration lawyers describe as increased xenophobia in the South American country, home to 18.5 million people. Peruvian Foreign Minister Hugo de Zela dismissed his comments, saying that a presidential candidate “cannot speak on behalf of the Chilean government.” When asked how Kast's campaign impacted the outflow of migrants, Chilean Minister of Security Luis Cordero responded that “rhetoric sometimes has consequences.” “People cannot be used as a means to create controversy for the elections,” he said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/lions-lucky-500-after-disappointing-5-game-stretch-127955397
Article: Last year, the Detroit Lions went 15-2 and locked up the top seed in the NFC DETROIT -- Last year, the Detroit Lions went 15-2 and locked up the top seed in the NFC. After a 5-2 start, coach Dan Campbell's Lions have lost three of five and needed a 59-yard field goal from Jake Bates to avoid a home loss to the New York Giants. “He's got that itch again, and we're excited.” Jameson Williams has made a mark as one of the top deep threats in the league, but he's never been the type of receiver to catch passes in bulk. Safety Brian Branch appeared to give up on a play that ended with a touchdown pass by Jordan Love, and he got beat on the fourth-down completion that secured the win for Green Bay.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/brian-schottenheimers-stewardship-helps-cowboys-shine-pain-kneelands-127952332
Article: Brian Schottenheimer has three consecutive victories over Super Bowl-winning coaches in his first year in charge of the Dallas Cowboys after 25 years as an NFL assistant ARLINGTON, Texas -- Brian Schottenheimer has three consecutive victories over Super Bowl-winning coaches in his first year in charge of the Dallas Cowboys after 25 years as an NFL assistant. The first winning streak of the season for Dallas has coincided with the club's return following the death by an apparent suicide of defensive end Marshawn Kneeland during the open week. Star quarterback Dak Prescott said after a 31-28 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs — four days after the Cowboys beat last season's other Super Bowl team, defending champion and NFC East rival Philadelphia — that those three wins in just 11 days were no coincidence. “I just credit him for being the same, being consistent and it’s something that he talks about, but to actually watch him be consistent and be the same man through the adversity and now through some success, right?” Prescott said. If you were in every team meeting, you would understand that’s who Schotty is.” The run that has the Cowboys (6-5-1) over .500 for the first time this year and has kept them in the playoff conversation started with a 33-16 victory over the Las Vegas Raiders and coach Pete Carroll, who won a title with Seattle. The Cowboys, who visit Detroit on Thursday next week, had another poor start against three-time Super Bowl winner Andy Reid when Prescott was intercepted on his second throw of the game and Patrick Mahomes needed just two passes to give the Chiefs a 7-0 lead. Owner and general manager Jerry Jones drew plenty of criticism for what was considered a less-than-inspiring hire when he decided to move on from Mike McCarthy and ended up picking Schottenheimer, who had been the offensive coordinator without play-calling duties for McCarthy's final two seasons. “Better than I could have hoped for,” Jones, who was holding a turkey leg in his meeting with reporters after the Thanksgiving Day victory, said when asked about that decision. I’m seeing great, great tangible things that this team can use next week and in the future.” Before he had to figure out how to navigate the big emotional swings of an in-season death of a player, Schottenheimer spoke freely and unapologetically of feeling the presence of his late father, Marty Schottenheimer, a 200-game winner as an NFL head coach. The coach said he has carried the card in pocket the past couple of games, even had to get a staff member to retrieve it before the win over the Eagles because he forgot it. I think he’s a legendary football coach, but like I said, he was an incredible and better person and father and leader of men.” Schottenheimer is having to lead in ways he couldn't have imagined in his head-coaching debut. KaVontae Turpin had one of those fumbles against the Eagles, then bailed out George Pickens against the Chiefs by scrambling to recover Pickens' fumble inside the Kansas City 10-yard line in the fourth quarter.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/bengals-dominant-win-ravens-sparks-hope-late-season-127951682
Article: The Cincinnati Bengals have gained momentum with a 31-14 win over the Baltimore Ravens on Thursday night Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow (9) joined by safety Geno Stone (22), defensive end Myles Murphy (99) and center Ted Karras (64) talks with NBC Sports sideline reporter Melissa Stark, right, after NFL football game against the Baltimore Ravens, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Stephanie Scarbrough) Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow (9) joined by safety Geno Stone (22), defensive end Myles Murphy (99) and center Ted Karras (64) talks with NBC Sports sideline reporter Melissa Stark, right, after NFL football game against the Baltimore Ravens, Thursday, Nov. Taylor’s squad will have the opportunity to prove their coach right after playing their most complete game of the season, a 32-14 victory over the Baltimore Ravens on Thursday night. The win puts the Bengals at 4-8 for the second straight season and needing to win out to have any chance of making the playoffs for the first time since 2022. “It doesn’t really change how we operate in any way, shape, or form because we just keep going on a week-to-week basis and doing our best to find a win.” Despite missing All-Pro pass rusher Trey Hendrickson, the Bengals found a way to get pressure.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/s-african-ex-leader-zumas-daughter-quits-parliament-over-russia-war-claims?traffic_source=rss
Article: Zuma-Sambudla had served as a member of parliament since June 2024 for uMkhonto weSizwe (MK), an opposition party created by her father in 2023 following his expulsion from South Africa’s then-governing African National Congress. “The national officials have accepted comrade Duduzile Zuma-Sambudla’s decision to resign and support her efforts to ensure that these young South Africans are brought back safely to their families,” the MK Party’s national chairperson, Nkosinathi Nhleko, told a news conference. The MK’s Nhleko also said that the party was not involved in luring the men to Russia and that Zuma-Sambudla’s resignation was not an admission of guilt, but added that MK would help support the families of the men stranded in Ukraine. South Africa’s government said earlier this month that 17 of its citizens were stuck in Ukraine’s Donbas region after being tricked into fighting for mercenary forces under the pretext of lucrative employment contracts. According to police, an affidavit submitted by Zuma-Sambudla’s half-sister, Nkosazana Bonganini Zuma-Mncube, alleged that Zuma-Sambudla and two other people tricked the South Africans into fighting by promising to provide them with security training in Russia. South African presidential spokesperson Vincent Magwenya told Al Jazeera that the government had received “distress calls” from the group caught up in the Ukraine war, and authorities were “working ever so quietly” at all levels “to secure their safe return”. While Jordan did not specifically reference Russia’s war on Ukraine, the Jordanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it would “take all available measures” to end the further recruitment of Jordanians, and called for Moscow to terminate the contracts of its currently enlisted citizens. Ukraine says Moscow has recruited at least 18,000 foreign fighters from 128 countries, according to figures shared by Ukrainian Brigadier General Dmytro Usov, who also said that almost 3,400 foreigners have died fighting for Russia. Michael Appel, reporting for Al Jazeera from Johannesburg, said Zuma-Sambudla is seen as a divisive political figure in South Africa, and is already facing “serious charges” related to unrest in South Africa in 2021 that led to the deaths of hundreds of people.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-28/magnitude-3-2-earthquake-shakes-san-francisco-bay-area
Article: Friday and centered in the mountains about 3 miles west of San Juan Bautista in San Benito County, the earthquake was also felt in Monterey, Salinas and Watsonville, according to the U.S. Advertisement That San Benito County earthquake was preceded by a magnitude 4 earthquake about 4 miles to the southeast on Thursday, at 12:57 p.m.., and a magnitude 4 earthquake about 12 miles to the northeast, just east of Gilroy, on Wednesday at 6:16 a.m. Advertisement It produced “weak” shaking on the Modified Mercalli Intensity Scale in the area, which is enough to be felt quite noticeably indoors and may feel like a truck has passed by a building.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-pushes-restrictions-afghan-refugees-experts-place-127955661
Article: The Trump administration is promising a stricter anti-immigration agenda after an Afghan national was charged in the shooting of two National Guard members Trump pushes for more restrictions on Afghan refugees. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) The Trump administration is promising an even tougher anti-immigration agenda after an Afghan national was charged this week in the shooting of two National Guard members, with new restrictions targeting the tens of thousands of Afghans resettled in the U.S. But those still waiting to come were already facing stricter measures as part of President Donald Trump’s sweeping crackdown on legal and illegal migration that began when he started his second term in January. The suspected shooter, who worked with the CIA during the Afghanistan War, “was vetted both before he landed, probably once he landed, once he applied for asylum,” said Andrew Selee, president of the Migration Policy Institute. This is a failure of us not being able to integrate — not just foreign intelligence and military personnel — but our own veterans, over the past 25 years.” The program Operations Allies Welcome initially brought roughly 76,000 Afghans to the United States, many of whom had worked alongside American troops and diplomats as interpreters and translators. vetting process and the speed of admissions, even though some Republicans spent the months and years after the 2021 withdrawal criticizing the Biden administration for not moving fast enough to approve some applications from Afghan allies. CIA Director John Ratcliffe said Lakanwal “should have never been allowed to come here,” Trump called lax migration policies “the single greatest national security threat facing our nation,” and Vice President JD Vance said Biden’s policy was “opening the floodgate to unvetted Afghan refugees.” That rhetoric quickly turned into policy announcements, with Trump saying he would "permanently pause all migration” from a list of nearly 20 countries, “terminate all of the millions of Biden illegal admissions,” and “remove anyone who is not a net asset to the United States.” Many of these changes had already been set in motion through a series of executive orders over the past 10 months, including most recently in June. Lakanwal applied for asylum during the Biden administration, and his request was approved in April of this year after undergoing a thorough vetting, according to #AfghanEvac, a group that helps resettle Afghans who assisted the U.S. What’s new and deeply troubling is the attempt to retroactively tie all of this to one act of violence in a way that casts suspicion on entire nationalities, including Afghan allies who risked their lives to protect our troops,” Krish O’Mara Vignarajah, president and CEO of Global Refuge, said in a statement Friday. I was like, maybe they’re now looking at me the same way as the shooter.” Two days before the shooting, Nesar and his father, who worked for the Afghan president during the war, had received an interview date of Dec. Another Afghan national, who also spoke to the AP on the condition of anonymity out of fear of reprisal, said that after fearing for his life under Taliban rule, he felt a sense of peace and hope when he finally received a special immigrant visa to come to the U.S. But now, he says the actions of an “extremist who, despite benefiting from the safety and livelihood provided by this country, ungratefully attacked two American soldiers,” he and other Afghans will once again face scrutiny.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/us-pauses-visas-for-all-afghan-passport-holders-halts-asylum-requests?traffic_source=rss
Article: The US State Department has announced it is “immediately” pausing issuing visas for individuals travelling on Afghan passports to protect “public safety”, as President Donald Trump administration’s immigration crackdown intensifies in the wake of a deadly attack on two National Guard members. The move comes after authorities named Afghan national Rahmanaullah Lakanwal as the main suspect in Wednesday’s shooting in Washington, DC, which killed one National Guard member and left another in critical condition. https://t.co/HuR1Lj7F9t — Secretary Marco Rubio (@SecRubio) November 28, 2025 Lakanwal is alleged to have ambushed West Virginia National Guard members Sarah Beckstrom and Andrew Wolfe in an unprovoked attack as they patrolled near the White House. Advertisement The CIA confirmed this week that Lakanwal had worked for the spy agency in Afghanistan before emigrating to the US shortly after the withdrawal of Western forces from the country in 2021. The office of US Attorney for the District of Columbia, Jeanine Pirro, announced on Friday that the charges against Lakanwal had been upgraded to first-degree murder, along with two counts of assault with intent to kill while armed. In a separate announcement on Friday, US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) director Joseph Edlow said the agency had also paused all asylum decisions in the interest of the “safety of the American people”. Trump, who called the deadly Washington, DC, shooting a “terrorist attack”, has on several occasions over recent days attacked former President Joe Biden’s administration’s immigration policies, including the granting of visas to Afghan nationals who worked with US forces in Afghanistan. In a post on his Truth Social platform on Thursday, Trump ordered authorities to re-examine all green card applications from 19 “countries of concern”, before saying he planned to suspend immigration from “all Third World countries”. Since returning to the White House in January, Trump has already taken aggressive measures to restrict immigration, announcing in October his administration would accept only 7,500 refugees in 2026 – the lowest number since 1980.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/the-long-road-from-a-christmas-tree-farm-to-your-home
Article: John Yang: 'Tis the season to buy a Christmas tree, but it takes a lot of people and business planning to get that perfect tree all the way to your home. Before the trees go on the block, multiple auctioneers snake their way through rows of Christmas decoratives, wreaths, large and small, Santa-themed planters, chain saw reindeer, and more, all laid out in an open-air warehouse to the size of an airplane hangar. Tim McPhillips: Perched on top of a red truck, he slowly rolls through the rows and rows of balsams, Frasers, white pines, and more, buyers from up and down the East Coast in tow. Mark Spicer, Tree Seller: It was really tough for me the first year because I had no idea how many to buy, and I bought a bunch of trees and had quite a few left over.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/immigration/2025/11/28/asylum-decisions-pause-trump-immigration/
Article: The United States on Friday halted all decisions relating to asylum claims and paused visa issuances for Afghan nationals, a day after President Donald Trump posted an anti-immigration screed in which he vowed to “permanently pause” migration from nations he described as “Third World Countries.” U.S. In a separate post shortly afterward, the State Department said it has “IMMEDIATELY paused visa issuance for individuals traveling on Afghan passports.” The decisions come in the wake of Trump’s lengthy social media posts Thursday night in which he railed at migrants, took aim at elected Democratic officials and threatened a wide variety of immigration policy changes, without providing specifics. The president did not mention Wednesday’s attack on two National Guard members near the White House, but the posts followed days of heightened rhetoric around immigration and refugees from the Trump administration in the wake of the shootings. The suspected shooter is an Afghan national who underwent thorough vetting by counterterrorism authorities before entering the U.S., according to people with direct knowledge of the case, The Washington Post reported. In the wake of the shootings, the Trump administration had said it would halt processing immigration requests from Afghan nationals indefinitely and would review Afghan nationals who were admitted to the U.S. USCIS handles affirmative asylum cases — those filed by migrants who are not in deportation proceedings — while Justice Department immigration courts deal with what are called defensive asylum applications, from people already facing removal. David Bier, director of immigration studies at the libertarian Cato Institute, said USCIS’s effort to pause affirmative asylum cases would not have a material effect for most people in the pipeline given a huge backlog of cases and long wait times for decisions. USCIS was reviewing more than 1.4 million pending affirmative asylum claims at the end of 2024, according to federal data, pushing wait times for decisions for many of them to more than a year. “Other stuff that’s kind of teased out in the president’s [social media] post is setting that up as well, in terms of foreclosing any legal way to stay in the country, any legal way to come,” Bier said. The administration’s view, he said, is “we’re shutting everything down, all avenues are closed, no matter who you are and what you did.” In his posts Thursday, Trump aid he would “denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic tranquility,” end all federal benefits and subsidies to noncitizens, and deport any foreign national “who is a public charge, security risk, or non-compatible with Western Civilization.” The White House and the Department of Homeland Security did not provide clarification about his comments. Trump wrote that his threatened changes to immigration policy “will be pursued with the aim of achieving a major reduction in illegal and disruptive populations, including those admitted through an unauthorized and illegal Autopen approval process.” He repeated accusations against his predecessor, President Joe Biden, though Trump has previously said he has no proof that Biden’s aides used the autopen without Biden’s knowledge or otherwise used it illegally. But in addition to the vetting reported by The Post, Lakanwal was also granted asylum earlier this year, a process that would have brought its own scrutiny, according to #AfghanEvac, a coalition that supported the relocation effort — an assertion the White House did not dispute. Lakanwal had been part of one of the CIA’s “Zero Units,” The Post has reported, according to several people familiar with the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss details of the investigation. The units, which have never been publicly acknowledged by the CIA, carried out missions to kill or capture members of the Taliban, al-Qaeda, the Islamic State and other extremist groups, with intelligence and logistical support provided by the CIA and the U.S.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/son-of-jailed-mexican-drug-lord-el-chapo-to-plead-guilty-in-us-court?traffic_source=rss
Article: Another of his three brothers, Ovidio Guzman, as part of a plea deal struck in exchange for a reduced sentence, pleaded guilty in July 2025 to conspiracy related to drug trafficking and two counts of participating in the activities of a criminal enterprise. Ovidio Guzman also admitted that he and his brothers, known collectively as “Los Chapitos” (Little Chapos), had taken over their father’s operations within the cartel following his arrest in 2016. The ABC 7 Chicago news channel said federal prosecutors have said they will not now seek the death sentence for Guzman Lopez, and that there “is talk of a plea deal now in the works”. Guzman Lopez was taken into custody last year when he arrived in Texas on board a small private plane, along with the cofounder of the Sinaloa cartel, Ismael “Mayo” Zambada. Officials in the US accuse the Sinaloa cartel of trafficking fentanyl to the country, where the synthetic drug has caused tens of thousands of overdose deaths in recent years, straining relations with Mexico.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/national-guard-sarah-beckstrom-rcna246328
Article: Sarah Beckstrom, the West Virginia National Guard member who died of her injuries after a shooting near the White House this week, took a keen interest in criminal justice and dreamed of one day becoming an FBI agent, according to a former boyfriend. Beckstrom, 20, believed her service with the military police would “get her foot in the door for a career in the FBI and help her in the long run,” according to the ex-boyfriend, Adam Carr, who said the two remained on good terms after breaking up last month following six years together. He described her as a “highly respected, young, magnificent person” and added: “She’s looking down at us right now.” The other National Guard member wounded in Wednesday’s shooting has been identified as U.S. In photos shared with NBC News, Beckstrom can be seen hunting deer, roasting marshmallows over a backyard fire and posing happily with Carr’s brother’s dog, a Dutch shepherd named Major. She answered the call to serve, stepped forward willingly, and carried out her mission with the strength and character that define the very best of the West Virginia National Guard,” West Virginia Gov. Gary Beckstrom, her father, posted a brief message on Facebook, saying in part: “My baby girl has passed to glory.” In a Thanksgiving Day phone interview with The New York Times, Beckstrom’s father said he was holding her hand. “The fact that she chose both to enlist in the National Guard and to work at a community behavioral health center is testament to her passion for helping others,” Vaughan said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/airbus-recall-disrupts-global-travel-a320-jets-grounded-glitch-linked-solar-flares.html
Article: Parts of the world's air travel network were disrupted Friday after Airbus ordered immediate software fixes for 6,000 A320-series aircraft, a move that affected more than half of the narrow-body fleet and forced airlines to ground jets during one of the busiest travel weekends of the year. Airbus said it issued the order after "a recent event involving an A320 Family aircraft has revealed that intense solar radiation may corrupt data critical to the functioning of flight controls." Regulators warned that the issue could lead to "an uncommanded elevator movement" in the worst-case scenario. The directive — among the largest in the 55-year history of Airbus — hit especially hard in Asia, where the single-aisle A320 family anchors short-haul networks in countries including Japan, China and India.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2gylngx7go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "Currently, in Kyiv there is a total of one dead and seven injured, including one child." The body of a man was recovered by rescuers in the Sviatoshynskyi district west of the city, Tkachenko confirmed. On Thursday, President Vladimir Putin doubled down on his core demands for ending the war, saying Russia will halt its offensive only if Ukraine's troops withdraw from territory claimed by Moscow. Putin also confirmed a US delegation including special envoy Steve Witkoff is expected in Moscow in the first half of next week to discuss the draft peace plan at the centre of negotiations. Zelensky said in a video address late on Thursday that Ukrainian and US delegations would meet "to translate the points we secured in Geneva into a form that puts us on the path to peace and security guarantees".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cg4nzp6ezg7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Text scammers make tens of thousands a month - and spend it on designer shoes and bags 22 minutes ago Share Save Sima Kotecha , Senior UK correspondent and Guy Lambert Share Save BBC Det Ch Insp Curtis says as many as 10,000 pieces of evidence have been seized "They don't keep money, they spend it here and now." Det Ch Insp Paul Curtis is showing us around an evidence room piled high with designer shoes and handbags. "We have got somewhere between 8,500 and 10,000 items of evidence in this one room," he says, something that is "the result of house searches and raids" carried out by officers. The senior officer was talking about Ruichen Xiong, a student from China who was convicted of the crime after driving around London in March of this year, sending messages to tens of thousands of potential victims. I felt very vulnerable and I don't know who to trust now." Mr Rabinowitz was led to believe he was being contacted by his bank who were reporting a suspicious payment on his account. Two and half hours later I was out of pocket by £1400." He adds: "In part it was about the money and it was also this feeling of being defrauded, of being looked up, because these people knew who I was. "Smishing in and of itself is very hard to police because a lot of it comes from abroad and, even when it's done from within the UK it's very easy to do and hard to trace, " says Ciaran Martin, the former Chief Executive of the National Cyber Security Centre.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/belaruss-lukashenko-becomes-second-only-leader-to-visit-myanmar-since-coup?traffic_source=rss
Article: Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko has arrived in Myanmar on a goodwill visit seen as lending support to the Southeast Asian country’s military government in advance of a widely condemned national election set to be held next month. It is the first time in 26 years of diplomatic relations that a Belarusian Head of State has visited Myanmar,” military run outlet The Global New Light of Myanmar reported. Lukashenko’s arrival at a military airport in Naypyidaw on Thursday night saw him welcomed by senior figures from Myanmar’s military government, including Prime Minister Nyo Saw, with full state honours and cultural performers. After former Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, Lukashenko is only the second foreign leader to visit Myanmar since its military overthrew Aung San Suu Kyi’s democratically elected National League for Democracy (NLD) government in a coup on February 1, 2021. Advertisement Following Lukashenko’s meeting with Min Aung Hlaing on Friday, The Global New Light also confirmed that Belarus plans to “send an observation team to Myanmar” to monitor the polls. Belarus state media quoted Minister of Foreign Affairs Maxim Ryzhenkov as saying that Myanmar has “significant potential in various industrial sectors”, while Belarus has “expertise and modern technologies in mechanical engineering”. A popular protest movement in the immediate aftermath of the coup has since morphed into a years-long civil war, further weakening the Myanmar military’s control over the fractured country, where ethnic armed groups have fought decades-long wars for independence. Preparing for the polls, military government census takers in late 2024 were only able to count populations in 145 of Myanmar’s 330 townships – indicating the military now controls less than half the country. Amid geographic limitations and raging violence, as well as the Myanmar military’s March 2023 dissolution of Aung San Suu Kyi’s hugely popular NLD, critics have pointed to the absurdity of holding elections in such circumstances.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/hong-kong-mourns-victims-of-blaze-that-killed-128-and-counting.html
Article: Hong Kong's Chief Executive John Lee (C) and other government officials observe three minutes of silence to mourn victims of the Wang Fuk Court residential estate fire, at the Central government offices in Hong Kong on Nov. Peter Parks | Afp | Getty Images Hong Kong on Saturday mourned the 128 people known to have died in a massive fire at a high-rise apartment complex, a toll that is likely to rise with 200 others still unaccounted for days after the disaster. Authorities have arrested 11 people in connection with the city's worst blaze in nearly 80 years as they investigate possible corruption and the use of unsafe materials during renovations at the Wang Fuk Court complex. Rescue operations at the site in the district of Tai Po, near the border with mainland China, concluded on Friday, though police say they may find more bodies as they search the burnt-out buildings as part of ongoing investigations. The fire started on Wednesday afternoon and rapidly engulfed seven of the eight 32-storey blocks at the complex, which were wrapped in bamboo scaffolding and green mesh and layered with foam insulation for the renovations. Hong Kong leader John Lee, other officials and civil servants, all dressed in black, stood in silence for three minutes early on Saturday outside the central government offices, where flags were lowered to half-mast. The Hong Kong (R) and Chinese flags are flown at half-mast as government officials observe three minutes of silence to mourn victims of the Wang Fuk Court residential estate fire, at the Central government offices in Hong Kong on Nov. "Our most heartfelt thoughts are with all those who have lost loved ones and with those that are now living with shock and uncertainty," Britain's King Charles said in a statement about the "appalling tragedy". At Wang Fuk Court, police officers from the disaster victim identification unit, wearing white overalls, helmets and oxygen masks, entered one of the charred buildings to continue their search for remains. A resident reacts as she speaks to the media in the aftermath of a major fire that swept through several apartment blocks at the Wang Fuk Court residential estate in Hong Kong's Tai Po district on Nov. Dale De La Rey | Afp | Getty Images Families and mourners gathered to lay flowers while some faced the grim task of looking at photographs of the dead taken by rescue workers. People pray at the aftermath of a major fire that swept through several apartment blocks at the Wang Fuk Court residential estate in Hong Kong's Tai Po district on Nov. Deadliest blaze since 1948 The fire is Hong Kong's deadliest since 1948, when 176 people died in a warehouse blaze, and has prompted comparisons to London's Grenfell Tower inferno, which killed 72 people in 2017. Residents of Wang Fuk Court were told by authorities last year that they faced "relatively low fire risks" after complaining repeatedly about fire hazards posed by ongoing renovation, the city's Labour Department told Reuters. The residents had raised concerns in September 2024, including about the potential flammability of the protective green mesh contractors had used to cover the bamboo scaffolding, a department spokesperson said. Earlier, police arrested two directors and an engineering consultant of Prestige Construction, a firm identified by the government as doing maintenance on Wang Fuk Court for more than a year, on suspicion of manslaughter for using unsafe materials, including flammable foam boards blocking windows. Police officers from the Disaster Victim Identification Unit dressed in white-coloured full-body protective gear, gather by the housing blocks of Wang Fuk Court in the aftermath of the deadly Nov.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/silver-hit-record-highs-in-2025-and-still-has-further-to-run.html
Article: "Some people were having to transport silver by plane rather than on cargo ships to meet delivery demand," Paul Syms, head of EMEA ETF Fixed Income and commodity product management at Invesco, told CNBC. Other silver price highs include January 1980, when the Hunt brothers amassed a third of the world's supply as they attempted to corner the market, as well as 2011, following the U.S. Stock Chart Icon Stock chart icon Silver prices year-to-date "Silver is only about a tenth the size of the gold market, and that short squeeze, obviously, sort of caught a few investors by surprise," said Syms. And the gold-silver ratio spiked to above 100," said Syms, referring to the gold-silver ratio which reflects how many ounces of silver are needed to buy one ounce of gold. "The risk managers in financial and industrial entities did not want to let any metal go out of the States for fear that it might come back in at 35% higher for example," said Rhona O'Connell, head of market analysis EMEA and Asia at Stone X. Supply crunch While gold is traditionally a favorite, this year silver — an affordable investment option in a country where about 55% of the population depends on agriculture for their livelihood — outshined other metals. "And that had reached a point where there was basically there was no available metal left in London." In October, the squeeze was such that traders had to pay much higher borrowing costs – or lease rates – to close their positions.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c7vmdjr6pgro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The tourists threw away a dominant position to lose inside two days in Perth, then opted not to send any of the XI from the first Test to play in an England Lions match against the Prime Minister's XI in Canberra. I'd rather words like 'rubbish', but 'arrogant', I'm not so sure about that." Stokes was speaking as England began five days of training in Brisbane in the run-up to the second Test - a day-nighter at the Gabba which begins on Thursday, 4 December. Three players from the Ashes squad who did not play in Perth – Jacob Bethell, Josh Tongue and Matthew Potts – have joined the Lions for their two-day pink-ball match in the capital. Of the remaining 13 in Brisbane, only Mark Wood was not present for the optional session on Saturday as the fast bowler rested the left knee upon which he had surgery earlier this year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/shopping-mall-shooting-wounds-2-prompts-black-friday-127956673
Article: Police in California evacuated a shopping mall on one of the busiest shopping days of the year after a shooting left two people with gunshot wounds A shopping mall shooting wounds 2 and prompts a Black Friday evacuation in the Bay Area By The Associated Press FILE - A San Jose Police patch is worn at a baseball game between the San Francisco Giants and the Philadelphia Phillies in San Francisco, July 8, 2025. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) FILE - A San Jose Police patch is worn at a baseball game between the San Francisco Giants and the Philadelphia Phillies in San Francisco, July 8, 2025. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) SAN JOSE, California -- Police in California evacuated a shopping mall Friday, one of the busiest shopping days of the year, after a shooting left two people with gunshot wounds.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/snow-rain-cold-store-thanksgiving-travelers-127958323
Article: Snow and chilly temperatures have already greeted some Thanksgiving travelers and plenty more could be on its way this holiday weekend Snow and chilly temperatures have already greeted some Thanksgiving travelers and plenty more could be on its way this holiday weekend, with winter storm warnings Saturday across much of the northern part of the country. So far, forecast conditions do not meet blizzard warning criteria, meteorologists said — winds of at least 35 mph (56 kph), visibilities of less than a quarter mile (400 meters) and lasting more than three hours. Snowfall totals of at least a foot were expected by the end of the storm, particularly downwind of Lake Superior across the northern Lower Peninsula of Michigan and downwind of lakes Erie and Ontario, the weather service said. Temperatures were well below average in the eastern and central parts of the country, with highs Friday expected in the 20s degrees F and 30s degrees F in the Midwest, the 30s and 40s in New England and Mid-Atlantic areas, and the 40s and 50s in the Southeast.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-officials-judge-face-off-flights-el-salvador-127957232
Article: A federal judge in Washington has relaunched his contempt probe of the Trump administration for failing to turn around two planes carrying Venezuelan migrants to El Salvador in March Trump officials and judge face off over flights to El Salvador in rare, high-stakes contempt probe FILE - Migrants deported months before by the United States to El Salvador under the Trump administration's immigration crackdown arrive at Simon Bolívar International Airport in Maiquetia, Venezuela, July 18, 2025. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos, File) FILE - Migrants deported months before by the United States to El Salvador under the Trump administration's immigration crackdown arrive at Simon Bolívar International Airport in Maiquetia, Venezuela, July 18, 2025. Here’s a look at what makes this case unusual and what could happen now: They are a last resort, former federal judges Jeremy Fogel and Liam O'Grady told The Associated Press in an interview Monday conducted on Zoom. “The judge has to believe that some line may have been crossed that you can’t ignore,” said Fogel, who spent 20 years on the bench in Northern California before retiring in 2018. Justice Department attorneys had urged him to abandon the probe, but Boasberg said he must determine whether Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem or anyone else “should be referred for potential contempt prosecution.” “In other words, the Court must decide if: (1) the court order was ‘clear and reasonably specific’; (2) ‘the defendant violated the order’; and (3) ‘the violation was willful,’” he wrote. In a court filing on Tuesday, Justice Department attorneys said Noem decided the migrants aboard the flights could be transferred to El Salvador after receiving advice from the Homeland Security department’s acting general counsel, Joseph Mazzara. “Accordingly, the Government maintains that its actions did not violate the Court’s order — certainly not with the clarity required for criminal contempt — and no further proceedings are warranted or appropriate,” they wrote. “There is a deliberate effort to push the boundaries and try to curtail the authority of trial courts,” said David Noll, a Rutgers Law School professor who writes about the intersection of the law and politics. In July, the Justice Department filed a misconduct claim against him, alleging he told Chief Justice John Roberts and other federal judges in March that the administration would trigger a constitutional crisis by disregarding federal court rulings. Separately, he is considering a request to require the administration to give at least 137 of the migrants, who are now back in Venezuela, a chance to challenge their gang designation. A survey of thousands of federal court opinions published in the Harvard Law Review in 2018 turned up 82 contempt findings against government officials and agencies since the end of World War II. Judges locked up or credibly threatened to lock up a federal agency official in only four of the cases, and high courts similarly intervened to block the sanction, the study by Yale Law School professor Nicholas Parrillo found.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-halts-asylum-decisions-suspect-shooting-national-guard-127957321
Article: The Trump administration has halted all asylum decisions and paused issuing visas for people traveling on Afghan passports in the wake of a shooting that left one National Guard member dead and another in critical condition near the White House US halts all asylum decisions as suspect in shooting of National Guard members faces murder charge WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration has halted all asylum decisions and paused issuing visas for people traveling on Afghan passports days after a shooting near the White House that left one National Guard member dead and another in critical condition. Investigators continued Saturday to seek a motive in the shooting, with the suspect a 29-year-old Afghan national who worked with the CIA during the Afghanistan War and now faces charges including first-degree murder. The man applied for asylum during the Biden administration and was granted it this year under Trump, according to a group that assists with resettlement of Afghans who helped U.S. The Trump administration has seized on the shooting to vow to intensify efforts to rein in legal immigration, promising to pause entry from some poor countries and review Afghans and other legal migrants already in the country. In an interview on Fox News, she said there were “many charges to come.” Trump called the shooting a “terrorist attack” and criticized the Biden administration for enabling entry by Afghans who worked with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said in a post on the social platform X that asylum decisions will be paused “until we can ensure that every alien is vetted and screened to the maximum degree possible.” Experts say the U.S. Also Friday, Secretary of State Marco Rubio said his department paused “visa issuance for ALL individuals traveling on Afghan passports.” Shawn VanDiver, president of the San Diego-based group #AfghanEvac, said in response: “They are using a single violent individual as cover for a policy they have long planned, turning their own intelligence failures into an excuse to punish an entire community and the veterans who served alongside them.” Lakanwal lived in Bellingham, Washington, about 80 miles (130 kilometers) north of Seattle, with his wife and five children, former landlord Kristina Widman said. Lakanwal served in a CIA-backed Afghan Army unit, known as one of the special Zero Units, in the southern province of Kandahar, according to a resident of the eastern province of Khost who identified himself as Lakanwal’s cousin and spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/african-nation-built-development-diamonds-now-crashing-127956859
Article: (AP Photo/Sello Motseta) GABORONE, Botswana -- In a village outside Botswana ’s capital, Keorapetse Koko sat on an aging couch in her sparsely furnished home, stunned that a career — and an entire nation’s economy — built on diamonds had fallen so far, so fast. For 17 years, she had earned a living cutting and polishing the gems that helped transform Botswana from one of the world’s poorest nations into one of Africa’s success stories. But Koko lost her job a year ago, joining many others left adrift as Africa’s trade in natural diamonds buckles under growing pressure from cheaper lab-grown diamonds mass-produced mainly in China and India. “I have debts and I don’t know how I am going to pay them,” said the mother of two, who had survived on about $300 a month and relied on her employer for medical insurance. But where do I get it?” Botswana, which has unearthed some of the world’s biggest stones, has prided itself on prudently managing its natural wealth, avoiding the corruption and fighting that have plagued many African peers. “Now, as the world changes, we must find a way to make sure they don’t destroy the lives of the people who helped build it.” He warned that new U.S. Natural diamond prices have fallen roughly 30% since 2022, leaving the industry at what Dvash called “a critical juncture.” Hollywood stars, including Billie Eilish and Pamela Anderson, and Bollywood celebrities have boosted synthetic diamonds’ allure, along with Gen Z influencers. “The new generation of youngsters getting engaged, they’ve got far more important things to spend their money on than a diamond,” said Ian Furman, founder of Naturally Diamonds, which sells natural and synthetic diamonds in neighboring South Africa. “So, it’s become so attractive to them to buy lab diamonds." Furman said that for every 100 diamonds his company sells, around 95 are synthetic when just five or six years ago it was overwhelmingly natural diamonds. To counter the trend, Botswana, Angola, Namibia, South Africa and Congo in June agreed to pool 1% of annual diamond revenues, translating into millions of dollars, into a global marketing push led by the Natural Diamond Council to promote natural stones. With its diamond income no longer assured, Botswana’s government in September created a sovereign wealth fund focused on investment and diversification beyond mining, although details about its value and investors sketchy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/authorities-probe-corruption-negligence-hong-kongs-deadliest-fire-127957134
Article: Hong Kong’s deadliest fire in decades is raising questions about corruption and negligence in the renovations of the apartment complex where at least 128 people died Hong Kong Chief Executive John lee, center and other officers observe a moment of silence for the victims of the deadly fire that started Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) Hong Kong Chief Executive John lee, center and other officers observe a moment of silence for the victims of the deadly fire that started Wednesday at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Hong Kong's deadliest fire in decades has raised questions about corruption and negligence in the renovations of the apartment complex where at least 128 people died. Authorities then arrested seven men and one woman, ranging in age from 40 to 63, including scaffolding subcontractors, directors of an engineering consultant company and project managers supervising the renovation, in a corruption probe. Police have not identified the company where the suspects worked, but documents posted to the homeowners association’s website showed that the Prestige Construction & Engineering Company was in charge of renovations. For almost a year, some residents at the Wang Fuk Court complex had been raising safety concerns to Hong Kong authorities about the construction netting being used in the renovation project, according to documents reviewed by the AP, specifically about the netting that covered the scaffolding. Hong Kong’s labor department in a statement on Saturday confirmed they had received such complaints, adding that officials had carried out 16 inspections of Wang Fuk Court’s renovation project since July 2024, and had warned contractors multiple times via writing that they must ensure they met fire safety requirements. Further, first responders found that some fire alarms in the complex, which housed many older people, did not sound when tested, said Andy Yeung, the director of Hong Kong Fire Services, though he did not say how many were not working or if others were. Crews prioritized apartments from which they had received emergency calls during the blaze but were unable to reach in the hours that the fire burned out of control, Derek Armstrong Chan, a deputy director of Hong Kong Fire Services, told reporters. Authorities said Friday that they had concluded search and rescue operations, and that they were trying to identify 89 bodies, out of a total of 200 people who were unaccounted for.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/death-toll-floods-landslides-indonesias-sumatra-island-rises-127957136
Article: Rescue workers in Indonesia are struggling to reach victims in several devastated areas that were hit by an earthquake and floods, and authorities fear the confirmed death toll of 248 will rise further Death toll from floods and landslides on Indonesia's Sumatra island rises to 248, authorities say In this photo released on Saturday, Nov. 29, 2025 by the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency (BASARNAS), rescuers remove a scooter buried in the mud as they search for victims at a village hit by a landslide in Batu Goading, North Sumatra, Indonesia. (BASARNAS via AP) AGAM, Indonesia -- Rescue workers in Indonesia struggled on Saturday to reach victims in several devastated areas that were hit by an earthquake and floods, and authorities feared the confirmed death toll of 248 would rise further. The areas were largely cut off by damaged roads and downed communications lines, and relief aircraft were delivering aid and supplies to the hard-hit district of Central Tapanuli in North Sumatra province and elsewhere in the region. There was a desperate need for heavy equipment to reach possible survivors buried under tons of mud and rocks in Agam district where rescuers retrieved more bodies, bringing the death toll to 74 in West Sumatra alone by Saturday, said Rahmat Lesmono from the local disaster office. “The death toll is believed to be increasing, since many bodies are still missing, while many have not been reached,” said Suharyanto, the BNPB chief who like many Indonesians only uses one name. “We have to do many things soon, but conditions do not allow us to do so.” Local media said that flash floods in Bireuen district in Aceh caused nine bridges to collapse, paralyzing two-way transportation from North Sumatra’s Medan city to Banda Aceh and forcing residents to cross the river from village to village by boat. It was the latest natural disaster to hit Indonesia, which is frequently struck by earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and tsunamis because of its location on the “Ring of Fire,” an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cgex9v57q0eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: But I more or less knew, so before my last game for Molde, I said to Age Hareide, who was the coach, that if I scored, I'm going to take my shirt off, throw it into the stands and run off the pitch. I think I scored a fifth goal, 5-1, and I just threw the shirt and ran off the pitch and we had no subs ready to come on, so we had to play a few minutes with 10 men. Kelly: I always ask players - and with you, it feels even more prominent because you've played in some of the biggest games - if you could relive one game from your career, what would it be? I was 80 minutes on the bench like really unhappy with the manager - 'why don't you put me on?' - and we're losing the game and football's so emotional. It didn't make me a better footballer but that changed my life as in we made history and I was the one that was fortunate enough to score that goal. I felt, 'OK they've played 70 or 80 minutes, defenders are tired, I can come on, I can make a difference, I'm fresh, as long as my head is fresh and my mentality is good'. We knew every player in every division in England and we used to make our own game, like a management game, that was the probably the prequel to the Championship Manager game.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/cy07gex946eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "But, even if it is not your eyesight, it may be other parts of your body that let you down." "Somewhere down the line in a fine muscle control game like snooker, your body betrays your brain," Davis said. "You wouldn't think he was 50, I mean, he still looks 30!" Williams has also had a recent nutrition-based epiphany, revealing in 2024 he had introduced a pre-match meal, which he says sustains his energy through long evening sessions. And while Higgins lost more than three stone in 2021, something he attributed to regular spin classes, he now says that weight has gone "back on" but that he is installing a gym at home to change things and get "a little bit more motivation".

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/indonesia-death-toll-rises-to-248-after-catastrophic-flooding-in-sumatra?traffic_source=rss
Article: Rescue workers in Indonesia are continuing to battle to reach victims in several devastated areas submerged by cyclone-driven torrential rain over the past week, as authorities said the death toll has now reached 248 and would likely continue to rise. Indonesia’s National Disaster Management Agency (known as the BNPB) said on Saturday that the number of confirmed casualties following this week’s catastrophic flooding and landslides now stands at 248, with more than 100 people still missing, after rescuers in West Sumatra’s Agam district recovered more bodies. Updating an initial death toll of 23 for the whole province of Sumatra, West Sumatra Regional Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Ilham Wahab said late on Friday that 61 people had died and 90 were missing. A further 116 people were later confirmed killed in North Sumatra, while in Aceh province the death toll had reached at least 35 people, according to figures released by authorities. Swaths of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand have been inundated with days of torrential rain – killing about 400 people across the three countries in total – after a rare tropical storm formed in the Malacca Strait between the Malay Peninsula and the Indonesian island of Sumatra. The heavy downpours caused rivers to burst their banks in Indonesia’s North Sumatra province, with the deluge tearing through mountainside villages, sweeping people away and submerging thousands of homes and buildings.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/russia-outlaws-human-rights-watch-crackdown-critics-ukraine-war?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media Russian authorities have outlawed Human Rights Watch as an “undesirable organisation”, a label that, under a 2015 law, makes involvement with it a criminal offence. “For over three decades, Human Rights Watch’s work on post-Soviet Russia has pressed the government to uphold human rights and freedoms,” the executive director at Human Rights Watch, Philippe Bolopion, said in a statement. “Our work hasn’t changed, but what’s changed, dramatically, is the government’s full-throttled embrace of dictatorial policies, its staggering rise in repression, and the scope of the war crimes its forces are committing in Ukraine.” The decision by the Russian prosecutor general’s office is the latest move in a crackdown on Kremlin critics, journalists and activists, which has intensified since Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. In a separate statement on Friday, the office said it was opening a case against Russian feminist punk band Pussy Riot that would designate the group as an “extremist” organisation. The ruling targeted the foundation’s United States-registered entity, which became the focal point for the group when the original Anti-Corruption Foundation was designated an “undesirable organisation” by the Russian government in 2021. In August, Russia began limiting some calls on WhatsApp, owned by Meta Platforms, and on Telegram, accusing the foreign-owned platforms of refusing to share information with law enforcement in fraud and “terrorism” cases.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/29/fifa-arab-cup-2025-qatar-teams-format-schedule-matches-venues?traffic_source=rss
Article: Here’s everything you need to know about the tournament, which occurs every four years: The FIFA Arab Cup 2025 will begin on Monday, with Tunisia facing Syria in the tournament opener. Group stage: December 1 to 9 December 1 to 9 Quarterfinals: December 11 and 12 December 11 and 12 Semifinals: December 15 December 15 Third-place playoff: December 18 December 18 Final: December 18 Where is the tournament being held? As was the case during Qatar 2022, Al Bayt Stadium, in the northern city of Al Khor, will host the tournament opener, while the magnificent Lusail Stadium will host the final. Here are the host cities and stadiums: ⚽ Lusail City: Lusail Stadium (capacity: 88,966) ⚽ Al Rayyan: Ahmad bin Ali Stadium (capacity: 45,032) ⚽ Al Khor: Al Bayt Stadium (capacity: 68,895) ⚽ Doha: Stadium 974 (capacity: 44,089) ⚽ Education City: Education City Stadium (capacity: 44,667) ⚽ Doha: Khalifa International Stadium (capacity: 45,857) How many teams are taking part? The participating nations have been divided into four groups, as follows: ⚽ Group A: Tunisia, Syria, Qatar, Palestine ⚽ Group B: Morocco, Comoros, Saudi Arabia, Oman ⚽ Group C: Egypt, Kuwait, Jordan, United Arab Emirates ⚽ Group D: Algeria, Sudan, Iraq, Bahrain How did Palestine qualify for Arab Cup? Seven Arab Cup participants – Qatar, Tunisia, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Jordan and Algeria – will also compete at the FIFA World Cup 2026, co-hosted by the United States, Mexico and Canada. “It’s a celebration of our identity and an opportunity to showcase our shared passion for the beautiful game on such a global scale.” With the revamped World Cup set to feature an expanded 48-team pool, the Arab Cup could be a proving ground for teams aiming to make a deep run on football’s biggest stage. Up there is Tunisia, who gathered the most points (28 from a possible 30) among all CAF nations during the World Cup qualifiers, winning nine of the 10 matches to finish top of their group. Fans should also keep an eye on Tunisia’s reliable goalkeeper Aymen Dahmen, who kept six clean sheets as his side went unbeaten without conceding in all 10 of their qualifying fixtures. Forward Akram Afif, whose name has become synonymous with Qatar’s footballing success in the past decade, is a key player for the host nation, while Saudi Arabia captain Salem Al-Dawsari has been in decent form of late, sitting joint-fourth in the Saudi Pro League’s top assist men.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/hong-kong-mourns-victims-of-blaze-as-search-for-remains-continues?traffic_source=rss
Article: The flags outside the central government offices were lowered to half-mast on Saturday as Hong Kong leader John Lee, other officials and civil servants, all dressed in black, gathered to pay their respects to those lost at the Wang Fuk Court estate since the fire on Wednesday. But identification work and search for remains continues, as Lee said the government is setting up a fund with 300 million Hong Kong dollars ($39m) in capital to help the residents. Advertisement They include two directors and an engineering consultant of the firm identified by the government as doing maintenance on the towers for more than a year, who are accused of manslaughter for using unsafe materials. The towers, located in the northern district of Tai Po, were undergoing renovations, with the highly flammable bamboo scaffolding and green mesh used to cover the building believed to be a major facilitator of the quick spread of the blaze. The deadly incident has prompted comparisons with the blaze at the Grenfell Tower in London that killed 72 people in 2017, with the fire blamed on flammable cladding on the tower’s exterior, as well as on failings by the government and the construction industry.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/pope-leo-xiv-visits-iconic-blue-mosque-day-127958508
Article: Pope Leo XIV has started the second day of his trip to Turkey with a visit to Istanbul’s Blue Mosque Pope Leo visits iconic Blue Mosque on second day of his trip to Turkey By The Associated Press Pope Leo XIV visits the Ottoman-era Sultan Ahmed or Blue Mosque, in Istanbul, Turkey, Saturday, Nov. Leo, history's first American pope, is expected to speak in broader terms about peace in the Middle East Spokesman Matteo Bruni issued a statement after questions arose about whether Leo prayed in the mosque or not, describing the mosque visit as a silent one to contemplate. Bruni said: “The pope experienced his visit to the mosque in silence, in a spirit of contemplation and listening, with deep respect for the place and the faith of those who gather there in prayer.” Past papal visits to the mosque have always raised questions about whether the popes would pray in the Muslim house of worship or merely visit as a sign of respect to Muslims. Speaking to reporters after the visit, Tunca said he had told the pope that the mosque was “Allah’s house.” “It’s not my house, not your house, (it’s the) house of Allah,” he said. The Vatican said Leo would observe a “brief minute of silent prayer." Leo was following in the footsteps of his recent predecessors, who all made high-profile visits to the mosque in a gesture of respect to Turkey’s Muslim majority.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/hong-kong-blaze-spotlights-enduring-role-of-citys-foreign-domestic-helpers.html
Article: Indonesian domestic helper Fita spoke of the confusion inside the Hong Kong high-rise apartment complex as it was engulfed in flames on Wednesday in the city's deadliest fire since 1948. After going outside and seeing two buildings burning in the Wang Fuk Court complex she pressed again: "I just straight-talked to my employer — I said you have go down now." "It was scary. Among them are some of the city's 368,000 foreign domestic helpers, mostly women contracted from low-income Asian countries like the Philippines and Indonesia, who live with their employers, often in cramped spaces. They assist them with cooking, cleaning and caring for the young and elderly, many earning monthly wages as low as HK$5000 ($642) in one of the world's most expensive cities.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russian-attacks-kill-2-kyiv-diplomatic-efforts-end-127959068
Article: Russian drone and missile attacks on Kyiv killed at least two people and wounded 15 Saturday, officials said, as renewed U.S.-led peace negotiations gathered momentum Russian attacks kill 2 in Kyiv as diplomatic efforts to end the war in Ukraine gain momentum Rescuers search for victims after a drone hit a residential building during Russia's night missile and drone attack in Kyiv, Ukraine, Saturday. (AP Photo/Efrem Lukatsky) KYIV, Ukraine -- Russian drone and missile attacks on the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv, killed at least two people in the early hours of Saturday, local officials said. Trump said Tuesday that his plan to end the war had been “fine-tuned” and that he’s sending envoy Steve Witkoff to Russia to meet with Putin and Army Secretary Dan Driscoll to meet with Ukrainian officials. Zelenskyy announced Friday the resignation of his powerful chief of staff, Andrii Yermak, who was also the country’s lead negotiator in the talks with the U.S, after Yermak’s residence was searched by anti-corruption investigators. The unprecedented search at the heart of Ukraine’s government was a blow for the Ukrainian leader that risked disrupting his negotiating strategy at a time when Kyiv is under intense U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pope-visits-istanbuls-blue-mosque-start-day-meetings-127958600
Article: ISTANBUL, Turkey -- ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) — Pope Leo XIV visited Istanbul’s Blue Mosque on Saturday but didn't stop to pray, as he opened an intense day of meetings and liturgies with Turkey’s religious leaders and a Mass for the country's tiny Catholic community. The head of Turkey’s Diyanet religious affairs directorate showed Leo the soaring tiled domes of the 17th-century mosque and the Arabic inscriptions on its columns, as Leo nodded in understanding. Later, Vatican spokesman Matteo Bruni said: “The pope experienced his visit to the mosque in silence, in a spirit of contemplation and listening, with deep respect for the place and the faith of those who gather there in prayer.” Leo, history's first American pope, was following in the footsteps of his recent predecessors, who all made high-profile visits to the Sultan Ahmed Mosque, as it is officially known, in a gesture of respect to Turkey’s Muslim majority. But the visits have always raised questions about whether the pope would pray in the Muslim house of worship, or at the very least pause to gather thoughts in a meditative silence. There were no doubts in 2014 when Pope Francis visited: He stood for two minutes of silent prayer facing east, his head bowed, eyes closed and hands clasped in front of him. The Grand Mufti of Istanbul, Rahmi Yaran, told the pope afterwards, “May God accept it.” When Pope Benedict XVI visited Turkey in 2006, tensions were high because Benedict had offended many in the Muslim world a few months earlier with a speech in Regensburg, Germany that was widely interpreted as linking Islam and violence. He will end the day with a Catholic Mass in Istanbul's Volkswagen Arena for the country's Catholic community, who number 33,000 in a country of more than 85 million people, most of whom are Sunni Muslim. The occasion was to mark the 1,700th anniversary of the council, the unprecedented meeting of bishops that produced the creed, or statement of faith, that is still recited by millions of Christians today. Leo urged them “to overcome the scandal of the divisions that unfortunately still exist and to nurture the desire for unity.” Such unity, he said, was of particular importance at a time “marked by many tragic signs, in which people are subjected to countless threats to their very dignity.” The Nicaea gathering took place at a time when the Eastern and Western churches were still united. As a result, celebrating its origins at the site of its creation with the spiritual leaders of the Catholic and Orthodox churches and other Christian representatives marked a historic moment in the centuries-old quest to reunite all Christians.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/turkish-official-black-sea-tankers-hit-mines-missiles-127958418
Article: Turkish Transport Minister Abdulkadir Uraloglu says two oil tankers said to be part of Russia’s “shadow fleet” may have been hit by mines, drones or missiles Turkish official says Black Sea tankers may have been hit by mines, missiles or drones By ANDREW WILKS Associated Press and SUZAN FRASER Associated Press ISTANBUL -- Two oil tankers said to be part of Russia’s “shadow fleet” that were set ablaze off Turkey’s Black Sea coast may have been hit by mines, drones or missiles, a senior Turkish official said Saturday. Turkish Transport and Infrastructure Minister Abdulkadir Uraloglu said rescue services first received reports that the Kairos may have hit a mine before being told of an explosion on the Virat. The OpenSanctions database, which tracks people or organizations involved in sanctions evasion, describes the vessels as part of a shadow fleet of ships used to evade sanctions imposed on Russia following its 2022 invasion of Ukraine. Within an hour, the maritime authority reported that a second tanker, Virat, was “struck” while sailing in the Black Sea about 35 nautical miles (64 kilometers) off the Turkish coast. “The shadow tanker fleet continues to provide multibillion-dollar revenues for the Kremlin bypassing sanctions, disguising its activities under the flags of third countries, using complex schemes to conceal owners and poses significant environmental threats,” OpenSanctions says in its website entry on the Kairos. Ukraine’s military intelligence service, the GUR, says on its website that both ships visit Russian ports and have a history of shutting off their automatic identification systems, which transmit a ship’s position.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gpz90d4q0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Meta accused of letting AI sellers 'run rampant' 2 hours ago Share Save Alice Cullinane & Rebecca Woods West Midlands Share Save Omelia and Oliver Jewels Omelia & Oliver Jewels is among companies reported to Facebook for misleading and AI generated adverts Facebook owner Meta has been accused of allowing misleading companies to "run rampant" on its platforms, as dozens of people say they have fallen victim to sellers using AI-generated adverts. More than 60 people contacted the BBC after we revealed unscrupulous foreign firms were using fake images and back stories to pose as family-run UK businesses to lure in shoppers. One company removed from the platform is C'est La Vie, which claimed to be a longstanding jewellery retailer run by Patrick and Eileen in Birmingham but had a returns address in China. Mabel & Daisy, which used AI generated pictures of a mother and daughter and claimed to sell "timeless clothing" from a shop in Bristol, has also been removed from the platform after it was exposed for selling cheap items from a base in Hong Kong. Other companies Meta says it is taking action against are clothing firms Sylvia & Grace, Chester & Claire, Harrison & Hayes and Olyndra London, as well as accessories business Omelia & Oliver Jewels. Chester and Claire Chester & Claire uses this image to sell its clothes - but this shop isn't there Harrison & Hayes claimed to be a Manchester-based independent clothes shop with "decades of experience" but has a returns address to a central warehouse in China. Chester & Clare also uses an AI-generated image of a shopfront to market its business, which it claims has operated in London since 2005 but is actually based in the Netherlands and sells clothes shipped from China. 'It felt like a trusted brand on Facebook' Claire Brown was persuaded to buy two dresses for £73 from Luxe and Luna London, after "constantly" seeing the company's appealing adverts on Facebook. Claire Brown Claire Brown believed she was buying from a trusted brand after spotting adverts on Facebook Ms Brown, who works in tech marketing, said she reported the company to Meta but never got a response. The company has now stopped operating, with a message on Facebook stating life had "taken a devastating turn" because of the death of a partner, an almost identical statement used by fake Birmingham jewellery business C'est La Vie. "There is a real lack of protection here for consumers." Another Facebook user, Stuart, said he had reported a number of suspicious companies to the platform but was advised to "influence the ads that you see by hiding ads and changing your ad preferences" in its response. Omelia and Oliver Jewels Customers who bought from Omelia and Oliver Jewels described items as the "cheapest junk ever" Some of the fraudulent companies discovered by the BBC appear to be controversial "dropshipping" schemes. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) recently banned ads by a so-called "British" clothing firm that used images of roses, cobbled streets and the union jack when it was shipping goods from a warehouse in Asia. The regulator said it was continuing to take action on misleading adverts but said platforms like Facebook played an "important role" in maintaining "responsible advertising" and continued to engage with them on how best to prevent those that break the rules. said Meta had allowed fake companies to "run rampant on its platforms for too long" and said it should be doing "much more" to stop scams and protect its users. Sylvia & Grace Sylvia & Grace used AI to generate pictures of their supposed founders Meta said it wanted users to report suspicious adverts on its platforms, which was an "important signal" to its review systems and could prompt a re-review of the advert while improving policies. recommends being wary of adverts on social media that promote "too good to be true" offers and applied pressure tactics like a closing down sale with heavy discounts It says you should be suspicious if you spot an account that was created recently claiming to be a well-known company, especially if they only have a few followers The guide also suggests reaching out to companies to see if adverts are genuine by searching for the company's legitimate website instead of clicking on links in a possible scam Many companies claim to have thousands of positive reviews - but consumer website Trustpilot is often the best place to check for legitimate experiences of fashion brands Experts who have verified some of the AI images used by the companies say to watch out for those that look too perfect - from the subject's hair, to their skin and teeth.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/sri-lanka-seeks-foreign-help-as-cyclone-ditwah-death-toll-reaches-123?traffic_source=rss
Article: Sri Lanka has made an appeal for international assistance as the death toll from heavy rains and floods triggered by Cyclone Ditwah rose to 123, with another 130 reported missing. Although Cyclone Ditwah was heading towards neighbouring India to the north on Saturday, more landslides have hit the central district of Kandy, 115km (70 miles) east of the capital Colombo, with the main access road under water at several locations. DMC Director-General Sampath Kotuwegoda said relief operations had been strengthened with the deployment of thousands of members of the army, navy and air force as he announced the latest casualty figures. India was the first to respond, sending two planeloads of relief supplies, while an Indian warship already in Colombo on a previously planned goodwill visit donated its rations to help victims. While rain had eased in most parts of Sri Lanka on Saturday, including the capital, parts of the island’s north were still experiencing showers due to the residual effects of Cyclone Ditwah.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c3e01y9gnqjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "Do they have enough work in the bank to be fit and strong enough to bowl consistently high pace across the course of a whole match and then back it up in subsequent matches?" Gillespie told Stumped on BBC World Service. "That is the big question mark for me." Wood's absence would be keenly felt by England in the day-night conditions at the Gabba - a ground where they have not won since 1986. Part of Starc's success in pink-ball matches is the number of deliveries he bowls over 87mph and Wood, England's fastest option, took nine wickets when he last played a day-night Test against Australia in Hobart in 2022. Speaking on the For The Love of Cricket podcast, former England seamer Stuart Broad said: "There's something about the pink ball, you just can't pick it up quite as well. You get no clues as well, so the seam is black against the pink background, whereas with a red ball and white seam you might see Mitchell Starc's in-swinger coming back into the stumps or scrambling around.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/11/29/nx-s1-5613340/als-medicaid-trump-disease-flaws-gaps-nursing-homes-ventilators-expense
Article: Getting one can be a nightmare toggle caption Lauren Petracca for KFF Health News On vacation in Mexico last year, Michael DiPlacido passed out twice while scuba diving and again in his hotel. When his son Adam DiPlacido tried to find a permanent place to care for his father, who now needed a ventilator to breathe through a tracheostomy tube, he discovered none of Missouri's nearly 500 nursing homes could take him. toggle caption Lauren Petracca for KFF Health News "There are not a lot of institutions that can manage these people," said Jonathon Schwartz, acting chief medical officer for the Spaulding Rehabilitation Network in Boston. From April through June 2025, fewer than 10% of nursing homes had long-stay residents breathing with the assistance of invasive mechanical ventilators, which deliver air through a tube down the airway or via a tracheostomy, the analysis found. Innovative alternatives to traditional nursing homes exist in some areas of the country, but they haven't been widely replicated and now are at risk from steep reductions in Medicaid enacted by President Donald Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress. "Feeling you're suffocating is a horrific feeling, and that feeling can go on for months and months" as ALS patients decline while sparring with insurers, said Tyler Rehbein, an assistant professor of neurology at the University of Rochester who treats ALS patients. Still, Janis said, the state's designated administrator sometimes has trouble getting workers for those shifts, and she and her ex-husband must pay for nurses to cover the rest of the day or night. She is planning to move David into one of the few nursing homes in the region that take patients on ventilators, she said, but is concerned it will be difficult to arrange for someone to stay with David overnight in his room. Ventilator deserts When Michael DiPlacido's son Adam spent weeks searching for a facility in Missouri that could take care of a patient on a ventilator with a trach tube, the only one that was even a possibility told him it couldn't accept new patients, because its lone respiratory therapist had quit. Next, Adam helped him move to another Illinois nursing home, about an hour away, that his son had originally rejected because of online reviews, including a Medicare warning that abuse had occurred. He said most state Medicaid payment formulas do not measure outcomes or reward nursing homes financially if they provide better care, such as weaning a patient off the ventilator or preventing infections. "We should try to get them the best quality of life." Sponsor Message David Gifford, the chief medical officer for the American Health Care Association, a nursing home trade group, said equipping a nursing home with ventilators and getting state approval is expensive, and outside of urban areas, many markets lack enough local patients who need ventilators to make it financially worthwhile. toggle caption Lauren Petracca for KFF Health News But some insurers have what physicians call "fail first" policies that won't pay for ventilators unless the patient has already tried a respiratory assist device without success (as defined by the company). toggle caption Lauren Petracca for KFF Health "It seems to be an expectation of insurance companies they should live the rest of their life attached to a wall outlet," said Rehbein, the University of Rochester neurologist. Sponsor Message Repeated denials In November 2024, McManus' insurer denied his physician's request for a ventilator, writing that "you have not failed treatment" with the simpler device, according to the insurer's letter, provided by his wife, Lesley McManus. toggle caption Lauren Petracca for KFF Health News The insurer denied a second request for a ventilator, reiterating that Derek had not shown the simpler machine hadn't worked, according to another insurance letter. The doctor wrote that the machine's alarm system and capacity to automatically clear away airway secretion by simulating a cough were "vital for patient safety" and would help protect Derek from developing pneumonia. Insurance rules John Hansen-Flaschen, a pulmonologist who founded Penn Medicine's program for home assisted ventilation, said some patients give up when an insurer denies their requests and don't file appeals. Sponsor Message Doctors who treat patients with neuromuscular disorders said the most resistance to providing ventilators comes from some private Medicare Advantage plans, but they said it also has been an issue with some commercial policies. The written policy of Excellus BlueCross BlueShield, which Rehbein said was one of the companies that covers his patients, requires simpler breathing machines to have failed before patients can get the more sophisticated ventilator. After a KFF Health News inquiry, Excellus clarified its policy with a footnote saying it does consider mechanical ventilators as first-line therapy for certain situations, such as ALS, on a case-by-case basis. Chris Bond, a spokesperson for AHIP, the health insurance industry's trade organization, said, "Health plans work to connect patients with safe, clinically appropriate care and welcome opportunities to work with policymakers and stakeholders across the health care system to continually improve access and precisely address any coverage-related issues." Melanie Lendnal, senior vice president for policy and advocacy at the ALS Association, said, "I haven't met one person yet living with ALS, or a family member, who has not had to fight — really fight — to get a non-invasive ventilator." A model in Massachusetts In 2019, David Marion, a 36-year-old plumber, was hanging out with friends in Lowell, Mass., when he tripped on the sidewalk and fractured his neck. Sponsor Message His mother, Denise Valliere, who lives in New Hampshire, said she grew desperate trying to find a permanent home for him that was close enough that she could visit. He was accepted by the Leonard Florence Center for Living in Chelsea, Mass., which has created an alternative to the institutional life most nursing homes can offer people on ventilators. toggle caption Steve Saling "This gives back independence to people who never thought they'd have independence again," said Barry Berman, the chief executive officer of Chelsea Jewish Lifecare, the nonprofit that owns the Leonard Florence Center. It doesn't have to be the way that it is." Most of the residents' stays are paid for by Medicaid, which together with Medicare provides the bulk of the center's revenue. In California, some people on ventilators live in "congregate living health facilities," which are residential houses that provide 24-hour skilled nursing for the terminally ill, people who are catastrophically or severely disabled, or people who are mentally alert but physically disabled. Patients often must pay privately because Medicaid managed care programs don't include these facilities as a benefit, said Mariam Voskanyan, who is president of the state association representing congregate living facilities and owns one in Los Angeles. California's Medi-Cal program is authorized to pay these kinds of facilities through its Home and Community-Based Alternatives waiver, but the program is at capacity and there is a waitlist of more than 5,000 people. Researchers expect states will be under pressure to reduce or eliminate programs like these to make up for nearly $900 billion in coming Medicaid reductions, since the federal government does not require states to cover respiratory care for people on ventilators or nursing home alternatives. "Why is this?" KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF — the independent source for health policy research, polling, and journalism.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/29/nx-s1-5624477/where-things-stand-with-the-national-guard-shooting-in-d-c
Article: West Virginia Governor Patrick Morrisey on Friday called for residents to hold a moment of silence for the two victims of the shooting, as both were deployed as part of that state's National Guard. Morrisey also said that Wolfe remains in "very critical condition." "These two West Virginia heroes were serving our country and protecting our nation's capital when they were maliciously attacked," Morrisey said. "Their courage and commitment to duty represent the very best of our state." toggle caption Andrew Leyden/Getty Images The suspect is now facing a charge of murder in the first degree Rahmanullah Lakanwal, a 29-year-old Afghan national who allegedly shot the National Guard members, is now facing a first degree murder charge. Attorney for the District of Columbia Jeanine Pirro said during an interview with Fox News on Friday that the charges against Lakanwal have been upgraded to first-degree murder and that there are "many more charges to come." Lakanwal, who was 5 years old when the war in Afghanistan started, immigrated to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) Director Joseph Edlow also posted on X , that the agency has "halted all asylum decisions until we can ensure that every alien is vetted and screened to the maximum degree possible.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/israeli-forces-injure-hundreds-of-palestinians-in-raids-on-tubas-west-bank?traffic_source=rss
Article: Israeli forces have wounded more than 200 Palestinians in raids on the West Bank governorate of Tubas, as a major offensive on northern parts of the occupied territory that began on Wednesday continues to inflict widespread destruction. After withdrawing from Tammun and Far’a refugee camp on Friday, Israeli soldiers have shifted the focus of raids to the city of Tubas, as well as the nearby villages of Aqqaba and Tayaseer. Violent raids by Israeli soldiers and attacks by armed settlers have escalated since October 2023, with 47 army incursions taking place on average every day across the occupied West Bank in November. The mayor of Tammun told Al Jazeera that while the town in the Tubas governorate was subject to dozens of raids in the past couple of years, the ones this week were the worst in terms of scale, destruction and violence. He said that more than 1.5km (one mile) of roads have been torn up, water networks destroyed, private property vandalised and people severely beaten, repeating the pattern of other major Israeli military attacks across the occupied West Bank. In the Jenin refugee camp, where Israeli soldiers have been advancing in a major offensive launched in January, Israeli bulldozers are making way for the demolition of at least 23 more Palestinian homes. Advertisement This comes several days after they issued notices claiming that the demolitions were necessary to ensure “freedom of movement” for the Israeli forces within the camp – even though the area remains largely empty as most families have been displaced. A member of the Jenin Refugee Camp Services Committee told Al Jazeera that residents were given two hours to collect possessions, and some could not even recognise their homes due to the level of destruction after the Israeli assault.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thai-prime-minister-acknowledges-flood-response-failures-death-127959565
Article: Thai Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul has outlined recovery and compensation plans for the southern part of the country, where severe flooding has killed at least 162 people BANGKOK -- Thai Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul on Saturday outlined recovery and compensation plans for the southern part of the country, where severe flooding has killed at least 162 people. More than 1.4 million households and 3.8 million people have been affected by floods triggered by heavy rains in 12 southern provinces, the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation said Saturday. Government spokesperson Siripong Angkasakulkiat said in a news conference in Bangkok that 162 deaths have been confirmed in eight provinces, particularly in Songkhla province which recorded at least 126 deaths. Anutin told reporters Saturday that he acknowledged the government’s shortcomings in flood management, and said that when he visited the affected areas, he had apologized to the people “that the government was unable to take care and protect them.” Anutin said the government would begin distributing compensation payments to those affected by the floods next week. Government spokesperson Siripong said King Maha Vajiralongkorn would donate 100 million baht ($3.11 million) to Hat Yai Hospital, which suffered extensive damage from flooding, and that the king would grant royal support for the funerals of all victims who died from the flooding.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thousands-protesters-gather-german-party-sets-new-youth-127959253
Article: Thousands of demonstrators have gathered in the western German city of Giessen as the far-right Alternative for Germany’s new youth organization is set to kick off its founding convention People demonstrate against the planned re-founding of the AfD youth organization in Giessen, Germany, early Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner) GIESSEN, Germany -- Thousands of demonstrators gathered in the western German city of Giessen on Saturday as the far-right Alternative for Germany's new youth organization was set to kick off its founding convention. Its predecessor, the Young Alternative — a largely autonomous group with relatively loose links to the party — was dissolved at the end of March after AfD decided to formally cut ties with it. It first entered the national parliament in 2017 on the back of discontent with the arrival of large numbers of migrants in the mid-2010s, and curbing migration remains its signature theme.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gp9d28p74o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Flights returning to normal after Airbus warning grounded planes 37 minutes ago Share Save Hafsa Khalil Share Save NurPhoto via Getty Images Thousands of Airbus planes are being returned to normal service, officials say, after being grounded for hours due to a warning that solar radiation could interfere with onboard flight control computers. But while flights saw limited disruptions, he said it was more "complicated in other countries", such as the US, where the issue emerged on the same weekend as Thanksgiving - one of the busiest travel periods of the year. American Airlines said 340 of its planes were affected and that it expected "some operational delays", but added the vast majority of updates were being completed on Friday or Saturday. In Australia, budget airline Jetstar cancelled 90 flights after confirming around a third of its fleet was impacted, with disruption expected to continue all weekend despite the majority of aircraft having already undergone the update.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/29/nx-s1-5623028/pope-leo-lebanon
Article: Pope's visit to Lebanon sparks hope but also frustration toggle caption Jane Arraf/NPR HARISSA, Lebanon – In the mountains near Beirut, a giant statue of the Virgin Mary atop a spiral pedestal holds her hands out in the direction of the Mediterranean Sea, visible beyond the railing of Our Lady of Lebanon sanctuary. Sponsor Message The current situation is a year-old ceasefire with Israel, routinely broken by the Israeli military, including a drone strike in Beirut last week that killed the militant group Hezbollah's second-in-command. toggle caption Jane Arraf/NPR toggle caption Jane Arraf/NPR "The church's mission is for everyone, for all Lebanon," says Father Fadi El Mir, in charge of logistics for the papal visit to Our Lady of Lebanon, where Pope Leo will address the clergy and other religious workers on Monday. "The poverty in our country is increasing every day and that's why the pope will say a lot of things to encourage us to be more effective in society and especially in our church." In France he ministered to struggling young Lebanese who didn't just leave, he says, but rather "escaped" an impossible situation in Lebanon, where there are few opportunities to make a living or provide for a family. Father Fadi, who has served in missions including South Africa and France since being ordained in 1967 says people want the Church to be more "merciful' and responsive to them, particularly in Lebanon's many Catholic-run hospitals and schools. The hillside grotto where Jesus and Mary are said to have rested is open to visitors but on a recent afternoon was deserted – with burned out candles evidence of prayers but not a single visitor. The nearby village of Alma al-Chaab, the only 100 percent Christian community remaining in the Tyre district, has just a fraction of its population left after Israeli air strikes demolished or damaged almost 300 homes as well as town infrastructure during the war with Hezbollah. Sponsor Message Mayor Chadi Sayah, elected five months ago, has organized a new ambulance paid for by donations from townspeople and a new garbage truck after the previous one was destroyed. At the edge of Alma al-Chaab, the Israeli border and military posts are less than a mile away with the coast of the Israeli city of Nahariya visible in the distance. "If they want Christians to stay in this area they need to help." He reads a letter he wrote to Pope Leo to try to persuade him to come south, saying "your visit, even if brief would be a profound source of strength for us, a sign that the Church remembers her children on the borders and a message to the world that these lands and their people are not forgotten." Sponsor Message He says he won't be going to any of the Pope's events – nor will many of the village residents.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/29/nx-s1-5604290/atlantic-hurricane-season-forecast-ai-google
Article: As the 2025 Atlantic hurricane season ends, the future of forecasting is AI toggle caption Ricardo Makyn/AFP via Getty Images MIAMI — The Atlantic hurricane season, which draws to an official close on Sunday, fulfilled forecasts it would be an active year. "They have been developed to go back and look at historical records and tease out patterns and relationships about what has happened in the past in very subtle ways that a person could not extract on their own," Franklin says. Sponsor Message She says in the past, AI models did well with one part of a hurricane forecast — tracking the path of a storm, "Because that is governed by large-scale influences in the atmosphere. Intensity, however, how strong a storm will be, is not captured well in the AI models." But the Google model did very well in forecasting intensity, she says, because it added historical data detailing how past hurricanes developed. So, forecasts further and further into the future become more important." toggle caption Clarens Siffroy/AFP via Getty Images The National Hurricane Center has embraced the new Google DeepMind model, referencing it in many of its forecast discussions, particularly as it tracked Hurricane Melissa. Wallace Hogsett, a science operations officer at the National Hurricane Center, says, "I think it's clear at this point that AI will be a component of the hurricane forecast process going forward." Additional AI models are under development by NOAA and the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts. He says, "I expect that this pace of innovation will keep up." But for forecasters used to seeing data on wind, pressure, humidity and sea surface temperature and how it's interpreted by the physics-based models, former NHC forecaster Franklin says relying on AI can be unsettling. But you don't really know how it came up with that." Sponsor Message Although AI models will become increasingly important, Franklin and Musgrave don't expect them to replace either long-standing physics-based models or the judgment of experienced forecasters.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/29/chicago-trump-immigration-crackdown-backlash/
Article: Gabriella and her husband had work permits and pending asylum cases, but federal agents were patrolling their neighborhood where many immigrants lived, and they were terrified they could be picked up and separated from their 6-year-old daughter. How Arundale, who earlier this year wore a “’Merica” T-shirt and drank mimosas at Trump Tower in Chicago to celebrate President Donald Trump’s inauguration, came to be helping a young family avoid getting swept up in his immigration crackdown illustrates the surprising ways Trump’s supporters can disagree with a man who is often said to have total control over his base. (The Washington Post agreed not to use the family’s full names because they fear arrest.) Since then, Arundale has dedicated much of her life to helping migrants, many of whom are among the 50,000 Venezuelan refugees who have arrived in Chicago in recent years. A lack of empathy Arundale, 46, was taking her daughter to dance class one winter night in 2022 when she walked past a large group of refugees shivering in the cold. She doesn’t speak Spanish and has been distrustful of the news media because of what she felt was often unfair coverage of Israel, so she printed out sheets of paper with her phone number and a message: Who are you? When one acquaintance suggested it would be traumatic for her children if the family’s nanny got deported, Arundale had only one thought: Wouldn’t it be more traumatic for the nanny? Juliandrys, whom The Post is identifying by only her first name because she fears arrest, signed them for both kids so Arundale could help the family reunite if anyone were deported. Sitting next to Juliandrys, Arundale spoke into her translation app: “If you could get rid of one, Trump or Maduro, who would you pick?” Juliandrys answered: “Maduro.” That seemed to satisfy Arundale that Trump could still do something beneficial for the Venezuelans she’d cared for.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-29/more-california-students-than-ever-are-heading-out-of-state-for-college-heres-why
Article: “For me, it’s really important to be surrounded by the right people,” said Perez, who earlier this year spent two days on the New Hampshire campus during a spring college tour and said he felt a “genuine connection” with the people he met. A Public Policy Institute of California report released this month found that the share of college-bound California high school graduates enrolling in out-of-state colleges has nearly doubled in the last two decades, rising from 8.5% in 2002 to 14.6% in 2022. In 2022, nearly 40,000 California high school grads enrolled in out-of-state colleges, roughly a third of whom flocked to Arizona, Oregon or New York, the researchers found in their analysis of enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics . Because of limitations in national enrollment data, the study couldn’t account for scholarships, making it hard to determine whether the California students were choosing out-of-state options because of financial aid incentives. Lynda McGee, a recently retired Los Angeles Unified School District college counselor who spent more than two decades at Downtown Magnets High School, said she sees the trend as a positive development. Advertisement Arizona State, the University of Arizona and Oregon State have strong name recognition, actively recruit in California and feel less intimidating to students because they’re relatively close to home, she said. Under the right conditions, and after taking into account financial aid or merit-based scholarships, private colleges can sometimes end up costing less than a California public university, said Erica Rosales, executive director of College Match, a mentoring program for low-income students in Los Angeles. Advertisement Rosales, who has spent nearly two decades helping students navigate the college admissions process, noted that Cal Grant income ceilings leave out some middle-class families unable to afford to send their children to a UC or CSU campus. But his hopes are set on moving to the East Coast, as reflected by many of the schools on his list: Middlebury College, Boston College, Bowdoin College, Columbia University, Brown University and his dream school, Dartmouth College.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/ukraine/ukrainian-soldiers-see-trump-plan-capitulation-even-dream-peace-rcna245864
Article: “I am against giving up those parts of Donetsk region that we still hold,” said Rzhavskyi, 44, who hails from the eastern industrial heartland he is now fighting to protect from Russia’s assault. Dmytro Smolienko / NurPhoto via Getty Images As negotiations continue, Kyiv’s forces are being squeezed in a number of directions, with Russian forces infiltrating and using drones to cut off logistical routes, said Mykola Bielieskov, a military analyst and research fellow at the National Institute for Strategic Studies. Bielieskov questioned the logic that Ukraine should rush into a deal now before it loses more territory, arguing that the cost to Russia of having to capture that land could help stabilize the situation. Oleksandr, who did not want his last name revealed due to the nature of his service, said in audio messages sent on WhatsApp that he also rejected many of the plan’s key points. “Nobody will make concessions on the territories, because it’s our land and we stand here.” There is a strong consensus among Ukrainians that concessions of land that Russia does not control are unacceptable, Bielieskov said. Asking soldiers “who risked their lives and lost their comrades to slow down the Russian offensive” to now abandon positions they still hold in Donetsk is not likely to go down well, he added. “I won’t speculate on how people will behave if there is an order to leave, but clearly it won’t be taken positively.” Ukraine shouldn’t be rushed into a peace agreement that amounts to capitulation, Oleksandr said. Zontov, who served as part of an airborne assault unit in Donetsk before moving to a more civilian-focused role, said when there is peace, he would love to return to life as head of the communications department at an investment company in Kyiv. “Today, victory would probably mean stopping the enemy where it is now and holding it at these positions,” he said in a phone interview, echoing the official stance of Ukraine and its allies that a ceasefire should begin at the current front lines. Dmytro Melnyk is serving as a drone operator in the central Dnipropetrovsk region, where he said the Russians were pressing forward and Moscow’s superiority in numbers and ammunition was hard to overcome. Obviously, I won’t stop until the war is done, but my soul is torn,” Melnyk said, though he maintained the peace plan was an unacceptable demand for his country’s capitulation.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz0nljm4y74o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 39 minutes ago Share Save James Waterhouse Ukraine correspondent, in Kyiv Share Save Getty Images Andriy Yermak was one of Ukraine's most powerful figures Andriy Yermak was a constant, looming presence in Ukraine's government - a seemingly immovable figure on the political stage. He stood next to the president as he gave his now famous "we are still here" speech as the Russians descended on Kyiv at the start of their full-scale invasion in February 2022. Reuters Yermak (right) was always at the centre of the action in Ukraine's government Ukrainian politics is shaped by big characters, and Zelensky's administration had not one, but two of them. A widening scandal Zelensky had successfully grappled with corruption scandals in the past, but in July a chain of events began that has shaken the current government to its core, weakening him politically and costing him his right-hand man. Getty Images The decision to strip anti-corruption bodies of their independence sparked mass protests, which in turn forced a government U-turn By the autumn, those same agencies, the National Anti-Corruption Bureau (Nabu) and the Special Anti-Corruption Prosecutor's Office (Sapo), released the findings of a lengthy investigation that implicated members of Zelensky's inner circles. Senior figures - including two ministers, a former deputy prime minister and a one-time business partner of Zelensky's - were accused of syphoning $100m (£75m) from public projects in the energy sector. At a time when Russia is pummelling Ukraine's energy grid with missiles and drones ahead of a fourth winter of war - forcing the entire country to endure daily power cuts - public anger at these corruption allegations has soared. "Unfortunately, lots of families will not see their loved ones, their men, brothers or husbands, because of the war." Despite not being named as a suspect and denying any involvement in the scheme, Andriy Yermak couldn't distance himself. Yermak led last week's talks with US Secretary of State Marco Rubio in Geneva, apparently securing some concessions for his country in a US-drafted peace proposal which many feared heavily favoured Russia.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/airlines-work-fix-software-glitch-a320-aircraft-flights-127959850
Article: Airlines around the world canceled and delayed flights heading into the weekend to fix software on a widely used commercial plane after an analysis found computer code may have contributed to a sudden drop in the altitude of a JetBlue aircraft last month Airlines work to fix software glitch on A320 aircraft and some flights are disrupted The departures display board shows All Nippon Airways' multipule flights cancellation at Haneda airport in Tokyo Saturday, Nov. (Takahiko Kanbara/Kyodo News via AP) Airlines around the world reported short-term disruptions heading into the weekend as they fixed software on a widely used commercial aircraft, after an analysis found the computer code may have contributed to a sudden drop in the altitude of a JetBlue plane last month. Airbus said Friday that an examination of the JetBlue incident revealed that intense solar radiation may corrupt data critical to the functioning of flight controls on the A320 family of aircraft. Pope Leo XIV is on his inaugural foreign trip, to Turkey and Lebanon, and is flying along with the papal delegation and press corps aboard an ITA Airways Airbus A320neo charter. British Airways, for example, said only three of its aircraft required the update, while EasyJet indicated there may be changes to its flying schedule as a result of the update, in which case passengers will be informed. “Although again the silver lining being that it only should take a few hours to update the software.” At least 15 JetBlue passengers were injured and taken to the hospital after the Oct.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/african-union-suspends-guinea-bissau-after-military-coup-127960251
Article: The African Union has suspended Guinea-Bissau following a military coup, emphasizing its zero tolerance for unconstitutional changes DAKAR, Senegal -- The African Union suspended Guinea-Bissau following a military coup, saying it won't tolerate unconstitutional changes. In a resolution adopted by the AU Peace and Security Council on Friday, the organization reiterated it has “zero tolerance on unconstitutional changes of government” and moved to "immediately suspend the Republic of Guinea-Bissau from participating in all activities of the Union, its organs and institutions, until constitutional order is restored in the country." Guinea-Bissau, one of the world’s poorest countries, has been dogged by coups and attempted coups since its independence from Portugal more than 50 years ago, including a coup attempt in October.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/minorities-hail-renewed-space-as-pope-leo-visits-turkiye?traffic_source=rss
Article: Istanbul, Turkiye – Pope Leo XIV has chosen Turkiye for his first foreign trip as the head of the Roman Catholic Church, a deeply symbolic move that minority community representatives say is taking place at a time of renewed openness in the Muslim-majority country. During his visit this week, the pontiff held talks with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, met religious leaders and visited places of worship in the country where Christianity’s deep roots sit alongside a long and influential Islamic tradition. Today, Turkiye’s population of more than 80 million people is at least 99 percent Muslim, yet the country remains home to centuries-old Greek, Armenian, Syriac and Latin Christian communities that have long been part of its social fabric. They also see the timing of Pope Leo’s visit as reflective of a period in which historic foundations feel more able to restore properties, organise religious life and engage directly with state bodies. Istanbul has hosted empires for centuries, and welcoming such a guest shows the value of the patriarchate – especially with the support the Turkish government has given in recent years,” he said. Their decline over the 20th century was shaped by a series of political ruptures – from the 1942 Wealth Tax, which disproportionately targeted non-Muslims, to the 1955 Istanbul pogrom that devastated Greek, Armenian and Jewish neighbourhoods, and the 1964 deportation of more than 12,000 Greek citizens amid tensions over Cyprus. We’re citizens of this country, but history brought us to this point.” While the pressures affecting minority groups through the 20th century are widely documented, community representatives agree that the atmosphere of the past two decades stands in sharp contrast. This culminated in a 2011 government decree instructing the return – or compensation – of properties that had been taken from foundations under the 1974 Court of Cassation ruling and earlier administrative practices. ‘One of most comfortable periods’ Lawyer Kezban Hatemi, who has advised minority foundations for decades, agreed that this has been “a major reform” but noted that more needed to be done. Advertisement “The EU process gave real momentum – but it also took political will,” she said, noting that “a major blockage was removed” even as old fears loom for some. “People abroad still say: ‘Don’t buy property in Istanbul, you never know what could happen.’ The memory from the 40s to the 70s is still very strong.” Ustabasi noted that while the process has not always been straightforward, some 1,250 properties “were returned through EU harmonisation reforms and changes to the Foundations Law” between 2003 and 2018. One of the clearest signs of renewed confidence is among Syriacs, particularly in Tur Abdin – the historic heartland of Syriac Christianity in southeastern Turkiye that stretches across Midyat and the wider Mardin region. “The roads are better than Istanbul, security is solid, and some are even preparing to live there long term.” He linked the shift directly to improved security conditions in the southeast, a region that for decades was affected by clashes between the Turkish state and the outlawed Kurdistan Workers’ Party, or PKK, making travel and daily life unpredictable. Istanbul’s strength has always been its plurality.” ‘Powerful message’ Despite significant progress, several legal and administrative issues remain unresolved, with the representatives citing foundation board elections, legal ambiguity around autonomy and longstanding cases in some properties’ handover. This mentality hasn’t fully changed – but I’m hopeful.” Turkish-Armenian journalist and writer Etyen Mahcupyan said the pace of reform shifted after a failed coup attempt in 2016, when state bureaucracy regained influence over politics and decision-making. Ankara wants to shape a Turkiye that is accepted in global politics – and the world seems ready for it.” Mahcupyan noted the pope’s “clear position” on Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza “aligns closely with Turkiye’s own line. It prevents Turkiye from turning inward, helps the world look at Turkiye more gently – and softens attitudes towards non-Muslims.” He also said the visit helps ensure minority communities “are not forgotten”.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly3eq5r0wko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: BBC Sport presenter reveals prostate cancer diagnosis 7 minutes ago Share Save Catherine Lyst BBC Scotland Share Save BBC Kenny Macintyre pushed for regular check-ups as three of his uncles had the disease BBC Radio Scotland sports broadcaster Kenny Macintyre has revealed that he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer. The UK's National Screening Committee – which advises governments across the UK – has said no to screening except for men with specific genetic mutations that lead to more aggressive tumours. Speaking on Off the Ball on Saturday morning, Kenny urged men over 50, who have a history of prostate cancer in the family, to push for regular PSA testing - a blood test that measures the amount of prostate-specific antigen (PSA), a protein made by the prostate gland. As a result of Kenny's regular tests, a rising trend in his overall PSA level was spotted, which led to an MRI scan and biopsy that confirmed cancer was present. "Obviously it's not the news anyone wants to be told but I am very lucky to have caught this early, and I believe that is only because I pushed for regular testing," he said. Had it not been for the regular checks, which revealed the rising trend in my PSA levels, things may be very different." He added: "As it stands, I have several treatment options available to me which will probably mean a spell away from the airwaves at some point but now I'm just taking each day as it comes and getting on with life.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/29/nx-s1-5615237/opinion-holiday-song
Article: toggle caption Theo Wargo/Getty Images/Getty Images North America The holiday music season has begun in stores, on radio stations and on the speakers in our living room, and I have come back to a holiday favorite: "Fairytale of New York", by The Pogues. It's not exactly "chestnuts roasting on an open fire." "It was Christmas Eve babe In the drunk tank An old man said to me, won't see another on..." It's set in a time of black-and-white movies and Sinatra songs, with a man who's an Irish immigrant sleeping off a holiday bender in a New York City jail. On that cold floor, he dreams of the woman who has shared his dreams of life in America: Sponsor Message "They've got cars big as bars They've got rivers of gold But the wind goes right through you It's no place for the old When you first took my hand On a cold Christmas Eve You promised me Broadway was waiting for me You were handsome You were pretty Queen of New York City When the band finished playing The howled out for more…" Kirsty MacColl and Shane MacGowan are the couple, who soon hurl curses and slurs at each other's hearts, about how they quashed their dreams. He answers, "I put them with my own…" Nearly 40 years on, The Pogues' "Fairytale in New York" can remind us how sailing on a sea of troubles can cause us to hold each other closer: Sponsor Message "I could have been someone Well so could anyone You took my dreams from me When I first found you I kept them with me babe I put them with my own Can't make it all alone I've built my dreams around you The boys of the NYPD choir Still singing Galway Bay And the bells are ringing out For Christmas day."

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/security/identity-thieves-young-athletes-nfl-nba-rcna245629
Article: A report from the fraud detection company SentiLink found that NBA and NFL draft picks from a recent five-year period were far likelier than the average American to be victims of attempted financial fraud such as fake loans and credit cards taken out in their names. While there are no comprehensive figures on how many Americans become victims each year, complaints to the Federal Trade Commission have risen nearly every year since it started tracking them in 2001, culminating in a record 6.5 million last year.. Researchers at the company looked at the 1,292 NFL players drafted from 2020 to 2024, as well as the 288 NBA players drafted in that same period, and compared them to national averages. David Maimon, SentiLink’s head of fraud insight and the lead researcher on the study told NBC News that the data does not indicate a widespread organized criminal conspiracy and seems more like a phenomenon of more amateur criminals trying to take advantage of newly famous young men. Jason Rivarde, the commander of public affairs at the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office in Louisiana, said his office had arrested two people earlier this year for allegedly attempting to take out loans by posing as Cam Ward, Tennessee Titans quarterback and 2025 first overall draft pick, as well as his father. The pair were caught when an employee at a Jefferson County financial institution who had served them before recognized them trying to take out a loan in a third name, Rivarde said. Experts like Maimon say one of the best defenses is for everyone to keep their credit frozen, but that’s a tall order for an athlete who signs a major contract and is inclined to buy items that require a credit check, such as vehicles and property.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-29/school-enrollment-plummets-lausd-amid-trump-immigration-raids
Article: Students at Roybal Learning Center, just west of downtown L.A., have been affected by immigration enforcement and fewer of them enrolled in fall 2025 than expected, according to a magnet program coordinator. Across the nation, immigration raids and border restrictions have led to a drop in K-12 enrollment that appears to number in at least the tens of thousands, affecting Los Angeles, San Diego, Miami and elsewhere, based on figures provided by school district officials. “When families are afraid to be seen, or when they cannot afford to remain in their communities, they are less likely to enroll, reenroll, or stay in public schools.” At Roybal, just west of downtown L.A., there are at least 200 fewer students than anticipated, said Cardona, who teaches ethnic studies and serves as coordinator for a film and television magnet program. Advertisement Carvalho said fears in immigrant communities “are now exacerbating preexisting factors that were already driving statewide enrollment declines — including falling birth rates, rising housing costs and broader economic pressures.” In a school system with nearly 400,000 students, the difference this year between the anticipated decline and the actual decline is more than 7,000 students. “While newcomers have historically been a vibrant and growing part of our school communities, their enrollment has declined significantly over the past three years, with year-over-year decreases that mirror the uncertainty many families are living through,” Carvalho said. “It’s obvious that she is good at it and works hard at it, but she’s just preoccupied with ensuring that there’s funds so her siblings can reunite with her mom.” District data suggest that many newcomers who were expected to return have not done so. In Florida’s Miami-Dade County Public Schools — formerly led by Carvalho — about 2,550 students have entered the district from another country so far this school year — down from nearly 14,000 last year, and more than 20,000 the year before that. School board member Luisa Santos, who attended district schools, said the trend is “a sad reality.” “I was one of those arrivals when I was 8 years old,” Santos said. “And this country and our public schools — I’ll never get tired of saying it — gave me everything.” Advertisement Collectively, the enrollment declines in Miami-Dade erased about $70 million from the district’s budget, forcing administrators to scramble to cover the unexpected shortfall. The Houston Independent School District shuttered the Las Americas Newcomer School, a program dedicated to children who are new to the U.S., after its enrollment fell to 21 students from 111 last year. Missing 200 students in Inglewood At the Inglewood Unified School District, about 200 of the newest newcomers did not show up as anticipated, a drop of more than 50% in a school system with about 6,000 students. “That really is alarming data.” Advertisement For the students in school, overall district attendance has improved slightly, part of a districtwide push to get all students to class more often. “It’s critically important that students and families know that the school is a place that they can trust, that the school is a place where they’re safe, and that the school is a place where whatever needs they have — we’re going to do our best to meet those needs,” Morris said.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/11/29/g-s1-98622/these-zika-mothers-went-to-battle-and-their-cry-was-heard
Article: She wants to know if everyone is eligible for the money being discussed The group looks to the speaker, Alessandra Hora dos Santos, who has been their matriarch and champion for years. toggle caption Ian Cheibub for NPR Over the last decade, the women in this room have gone from feeling voiceless and powerless to being outright activists, banding together to do something that they might never have imagined. Sponsor Message "Many times, it affects not only the heads but the arms and legs," says Mardjane Lemos, an infectious disease physician at the Alagoas State University of Health Sciences, through an interpreter. Later, Pereira would rush her daughter to the emergency room when things, suddenly, would go off the rails — like when the balloon helping to anchor Tamara's feeding tube inside her stomach would pop or she'd vomit to the point of dehydration. As Iana Flor, whose son Pedro was also disabled by Zika, put it: "It's complicated because one day can be good and the next day it's like a bomb." Still, despite the hardship and living off scant resources, Pereira was committed. — I don't know] Pereira acknowledges that she didn't have a lot left over for her husband and all his expectations that she cook, clean and take care of their daughter. In Brazil and elsewhere, Brito and her colleagues are exploring this disconnect between the official end of a disaster and the ongoing reality for those at the epicenter of the hardship. She remembers people yelling at them, "Go back home, get some clothes to wash." But it only took a single day before the women secured a meeting with the proper official who ultimately helped them secure housing for free. toggle caption Ian Cheibub for NPR In fact, when Pereira decided to finish her high school equivalency, it was do Nascimento who offered to take care of Tamara in the evenings so that she could complete her studies. "It was a dream to me to be able to study," says do Nascimento through an interpreter, "but with a family, with kids, it becomes so hard and I couldn't do that. I learned there is a whole world in front of me." For the time being, Pereira earns extra money cleaning houses on the weekends, which is when another close friend looks after Tamara. She opened my heart that is now more sensitive to love and to forgiveness." Sponsor Message A demand for reparations A few months ago, the sisters of resistance won an especially critical battle. The government, they say, could have introduced measures to keep mosquito numbers down and taught the community how to avoid exposure to Zika to prevent all the hardship that they've endured. And now, this bill [is] saying, 'You matter to us.' And the money, it's only a symbolical way to do that." Dos Santos took the case directly to the Brazilian capital where she wore her favorite outfit. The bill refers to this money as compensation for dano moral, which translates to "moral damage." Sponsor Message It's a huge win and an admission of wrongdoing at the highest level of the Brazilian government.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/northwestern-pay-75-million-deal-trump-administration-restore-127960995
Article: government in a deal with the Trump administration to end a series of investigations and restore hundreds of millions of dollars in federal research funding FILE - Signs are displayed outside a tent encampment at Northwestern University on April 26, 2024, in Evanston, Illinois. Among other commitments it also requires the university to revoke the so-called Deering Meadow agreement, which it signed in April 2024 in exchange for pro-Palestinian protesters ending their tent encampment on campus. The agreement also calls for Northwestern to continue compliance with federal anti-discrimination laws, develop training materials to “socialize international students” with the norms of a campus dedicated to open debate, and uphold a commitment to Title IX by “providing safe and fair opportunities for women, including single-sex housing for any woman, defined on the basis of sex, who requests such accommodations and all-female sports, locker rooms, and showering facilities.” Education Secretary Linda McMahon said the deal cements policy changes that will protect people on campus from harassment and discrimination. “The reforms reflect bold leadership at Northwestern and they are a roadmap for institutional leaders around the country that will help rebuild public trust in our colleges and universities,” McMahon said. The fine agreed to by Northwestern is the second-largest behind Columbia, which agreed in July to pay the government $200 million to resolve a series of investigations and restore its funding. The Ivy League school sued over the administration's cuts to its grant money and won a court victory in September when a federal judge ordered the government to restore federal funding, saying the Trump administration “used antisemitism as a smokescreen.” This fall, the White House tried a different approach on higher education, offering preferential treatment for federal funds to several institutions in exchange for adopting policies in line with Trump’s agenda.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/december-will-begin-with-investors-owning-little-stock-is-a-year-end-rally-at-play.html
Article: Not "you," specifically, but investors as a collective are viewed as too lightly exposed to equities given the S & P 500 is three years into a bull market and is back to within 1% of its all-time peak from a month ago. John Flood, head of Americas equities sales trading at Goldman Sachs, says: "Our sentiment indicator has spent most of the year in negative territory reflecting relatively conservative institutional investor positioning. The wall of worry has been extremely high this year and remains omnipresent (this is a bullish signal)." The reason to note such assessments is that we've entered the season when "flow-of-funds" trends and the mechanical maneuvering of investors toward a final scorecard for the year tend to form the core of the bulls' argument. Through this lens, the S & P 500′s first 5% setback in seven months, culminating a week ago Friday, was a big help in shaking out anxious investors, resetting investor sentiment and testing the key fundamental premises that have animated the bull market. Warren Pies, founder of 3Fourteen Research, last week upgraded equities to an overweight in part because he believes the answer to that question is "Yes." He noted that into the third week of November, volume in "inverse" ETFs – those that profit from falling stock prices – surged above 40% of total volume in both inverse and leveraged-long ETFs. Among other things, this suggests that retail traders as a group did not lead the way in buying the November dip and driving the five-day, nearly 5% sprint higher in the S & P 500 through Friday, which turned a 4.5% intra-month loss to a small gain for November. .SPX 1M mountain SPX 1-month chart (Most likely the nasty tailspin in bitcoin from $124,000 to around $80,000 at its recent low, left retail portfolios in no position to add more risk aggressively. Bitcoin correlates more closely with shares of unprofitable tech companies than with any macro indicator or other asset market.) Along with sharp retrenchments by hedge funds that use systematic strategies based on volatility and momentum, the crescendo of interest in inverse ETFs prompted Pies to call for further upside from here: "Three big buckets of investors— retail, vol-target funds, and CTAs— derisked during the selloff. And keep in mind that we heard similar talk of a "year-end chase higher" a year ago as the S & P 500 emerged from a similar pullback in late November. Those disclaimers aside, the tape action itself has been reassuring and largely in keeping with how stocks have behaved in the months following 15%-or-greater corrections such as the S & P 500 suffered from February into April. Reviewing the sturdy finish to November this year after a three-week gut check, Tony Pasquariello, head of hedge fund coverage at Goldman Sachs, observed that "given the starting point of some scorching rallies in October, and, for as high-velocity as November was, the fact that S & P finished this month in the green is notable." To go a step more granular, the S & P 500 proved resilient in a month when Nvidia fell 12.5%, something not many would likely have predicted four weeks ago. It's as if the market heard the constant complaints that its run to a record high looked "too narrow" and too focused on the same AI winners and responded by coming back from a three-week stress test with a series of very broad rally days not led by the usual "Magnificent Seven" favorites. But Alphabet going from "AI victim" to "presumed winner" while adding nearly $2 trillion in market capitalization over seven months' time might also reflect an erratic mixture of fickleness, desperation and herding among investors. But as these things go, a 10% collective projection qualifies as rather upbeat – the average strategist target has been at or below the index level most of this year.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/trump-says-venezuela-airspace-to-be-shut-in-its-entirety-as-tensions-rise?traffic_source=rss
Article: “To all Airlines, Pilots, Drug Dealers, and Human Traffickers, please consider THE AIRSPACE ABOVE AND SURROUNDING VENEZUELA TO BE CLOSED IN ITS ENTIRETY,” he wrote on his Truth Social platform. While the Trump administration has said it is targeting Venezuela as part of a push to combat drug trafficking, experts and human rights observers have warned that Washington appears to be laying the groundwork for an attempt to unlawfully remove Maduro from power. The US has deployed an aircraft carrier to the Caribbean and carried out a series of deadly bombings on vessels it accused of being involved in drug trafficking, killing dozens of people in what United Nations experts have described as extrajudicial killings.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/untold-story-of-charlie-mungers-last-years.html
Article: You can sign up here to receive it every Friday evening in your inbox.) 'He never stopped learning' In an "exclusive" article headlined "The Untold Story of Charlie Munger's Final Years," The Wall Street Journal's Gregory Zuckerman reveals the "Berkshire vice chair was making gutsy investments, forging unlikely friendships and facing new challenges to the end." Munger died two years ago on Nov. The Journal writes, "Friends and family say Munger's eventful last period offers lessons for investors—and a blueprint for how to age with grace, equanimity and purpose." It quotes his stepson, Hal Borthwick as saying, "To the day he died, his mind was running. He went against conventional wisdom in 2023 by investing in two companies involved with coal, which he believed would still be needed due to rising demand for energy, despite environmental concerns. He said, 'Horse feathers.'" Friends say he had paper gains of more than $50 million on coal miner Consol Energy and Alpha Metallurgical Resources , which provides coal for steel production. Avi Mayer, now 37, tells the WSJ, "He listened to my problems and talked about life principles and personal values." "I watched him in action and learned from him, and he handed me books once in a while." Later, Munger backed a real estate company Mayer and a childhood friend established that has become one of the largest owners of low-rise "garden" apartments in California with around $3 billion in holdings. The Journal says that as Munger grew older, he spent more time with friends, including a regular Tuesday morning country club breakfast with business associates that could go on for hours. He became less "cranky and acerbic," telling the group, "At my age, you make new friends, or you don't have any friends." And after many years, Munger's family gave up on trying to keep him on a healthy diet. What we have is a framework for looking at investments." BUFFETT AROUND THE INTERNET HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE ARCHIVE Munger: 'A life properly lived is just learn, learn, learn' (2017) Charlie Munger explains why making mistakes is vital to success. (Laughter) In your career of thousands of negotiations and business dealings, could you describe for the crowd which one sticks out in your mind as your favorite or is otherwise noteworthy?

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/five-stocks-like-nvidia-with-more-room-to-run.html
Article: "We believe HOOD is positioned to perform well long-term as the broker continues to scale its business, launch additional products and capabilities, deepen current client relationships, and expand its TAM both domestically and internationally," he said. "The company is poised to expand margins in its legacy businesses while also looking to expand its portfolio across Aerospace & Electronics and Process Flow Technologies through strategic M & A," he added. Our investment thesis is anchored on the company's underappreciated branded CNS (central nervous system) growth drivers which treat ADHD and motor complications in advanced Parkinson's disease." Nvidia "Reiterate Buy, top sector pick as AI demand continues to strengthen, supply is being well-managed, EPS estimates continue to be revised up, while the stock's valuation remains compelling given potential for 40%+ EPS growth rates. Our positive view on Nvidia is based on its underappreciated transformation from a traditional PC graphics chip vendor, into a supplier into high-end gaming, enterprise graphics, cloud, accelerated computing and automotive markets." Crane "Even though the company describes their consistent performance as 'boring' we remain excited and bullish on Crane's ability to remain boring and execute across the company from operations to portfolio shaping. The company is poised to expand margins in its legacy businesses while also looking to expand its portfolio across Aerospace & Electronics and Process Flow Technologies through strategic M & A." Robinhood "Firing on all cylinders while valuation is getting full. We believe HOOD is positioned to perform well long-term as broker continues to scale its business, launch additional products & capabilities, deepen current client relationships & expand its TAM both domestically & intl. While historically focusing on smaller accounts, mobile first, younger generation clients, HOOD has made headway expanding their TAM through further client penetration." Yum China "Yum China has China's largest network, solid consumer know-how, strong branding and a leading supply chain.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c75vzp6kyzdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Manchester to London train to run without passengers 35 minutes ago Share Save Angela Ferguson North West Share Save Getty Images Avanti says the decision by the Office of Rail and Road is "disappointing" A train service taking commuters from Manchester to London is to run empty for around five months following a decision by the rail regulator. A decision by the Office of Rail and Road (ORR), means the 07:00 GMT service operated by Avanti West Coast from Manchester Piccadilly to London will still run but will only be used to carry staff from mid-December. The fast service, which gets to London in less than two hours, will still set off from Manchester Piccadilly at 07:00 on four week days, but will not be available to commuters. An Avanti West Coast spokesperson said they were disappointed with the ORR's decision not to grant access rights from December for four week day services that they currently operated, including the 07:00 fast service from Manchester to London. The spokesperson confirmed that the services being removed were: 07:00 GMT: Manchester Piccadilly to London Euston (Monday to Friday) 12:52 GMT: Blackpool North – London Euston (Monday to Friday) 09:39 GMT: London Euston – Blackpool North (Monday to Friday) 19:32 GMT: Chester – London Euston (Monday to Friday) 17:53 GMT: Holyhead – London Euston terminates at Crewe (Sunday) Getty Images An ORR spokesperson said: "Our decision on the Manchester-London service was based on robust evidence provided by Network Rail that adding services within 'firebreak' paths on the West Coast Main Line would have a detrimental impact on performance. "This can assist with performance management and service recovery during disruption." The ORR said Avanti was previously given the right to run this service from May 2025 for the duration of one timetable period only. This was on the basis that First Lumo's Stirling services were not operating at the time but the First Lumo services are expected to begin operating during the December 2025 timetable period.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/venezuela/trump-airlines-venezuela-airspace-closed-entirety-tensions-rcna246422
Article: "To all Airlines, Pilots, Drug Dealers, and Human Traffickers, please consider THE AIRSPACE ABOVE AND SURROUNDING VENEZUELA TO BE CLOSED IN ITS ENTIRETY," Trump said in a post on Truth Social. On Wednesday, Venezuela's civil aviation authority stripped take-off and landing rights from six commercial carriers it accused of "joining the actions of state terrorism promoted by the United States government and unilaterally suspending air commercial operations." On Thursday, Trump said the U.S. troops around the world, Trump thanked the Air Force’s 7th Bomb Wing for its work to “deter Venezuelan drug traffickers” and said “it’s about 85% stopped by sea … and we’ll be starting to stop them by land.” “Also, the land is easier, but that’s going to start very soon,” the president added, speaking from his Mar-a-Lago estate.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/campaign-make-richard-nixon-great-rcna240000
Article: During a segment on HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher” in August, activist Christopher Rufo astonished the studio audience when he said the Watergate scandal that toppled President Richard Nixon “was a setup from start to finish.” The crowd hooted. But Rufo insisted that there were federal agencies that had had illegal backdoor meetings and that there was a judge who was “out to get Nixon.” Maher muttered, “Oh, geez,” to which Rufo replied with a grin and a prediction: “Nixon vindication by 2035.” The Watergate scandal has long been viewed as a defining moment in presidential corruption and accountability, prompting a series of government transparency reforms and influencing generations of journalists. But those lessons are now being flipped by some of the most influential right-wing figures, including people known to have President Donald Trump’s ear, who insist that Watergate was actually an underhanded scheme by the “deep state” and the press to take down a popular Republican president. Many people — from historians to former Nixon officials — argue that were Watergate to happen in today’s media landscape, with the influence of conservative outlets and in particular Fox News, Nixon most likely would have survived it. “In some ways, the reframing of Watergate seems like an attempt to try and rehabilitate the current president’s image,” said Brendan Gillis, director of teaching and learning initiatives at the American Historical Association, a nonprofit professional organization. “In a lot of ways, it’s about what’s happened the last few years.” Michael Koncewicz, a historian who has been sounding the alarm on Watergate revisionism and who formerly worked at the Nixon presidential library, said the scandal has always been remembered as one in which “the system worked.” But if these pundits “can make Americans believe that that story is bulls---,” he said, “then they can ensure that another Watergate will never happen again.” Beyond Rufo, the conservative media personalities Tucker Carlson, Michael Knowles and Steve Bannon have pushed this revisionist Watergate narrative in the past year. Hillsdale College, a conservative college in Michigan, promoted and endorsed a Carlson podcast episode that described Watergate as a “scam.” Even actor Bill Murray suggested this year on Joe Rogan’s podcast that Nixon might have been “framed.” Republican-controlled states like Idaho and Louisiana have approved a video for use in public school social studies classes that was produced by the conservative media organization PragerU, in which the conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt quotes a historian who argues that Watergate was the media’s attempt to reverse an election. Hewitt, who serves on the board of the Nixon Foundation, contends that the media and the “East Coast liberal elite” had it out for Nixon in part because of his “staunch anti-communist” views. PragerU worked over the past two years with many Republican-led states to get its content into public schools, and it recently partnered with the Trump administration on a civics education initiative. Rufo also declined an interview request, but said in an email that the Nixon era is crucial to understanding why he believes politics has been in a loop since 1968. BLM, Russiagate, gender ideology, left-wing terrorism: all of our current challenges can be understood through the prism," Rufo said, of Nixon, "one of the twentieth century’s greatest presidents." Hillsdale College, Hewitt and Idaho and Louisiana’s education agencies did not respond to requests for comment, nor did Carlson and Bannon’s shows. Kenneth Hughes Jr., a researcher at the University of Virginia’s Miller Center, who is considered one of the foremost experts on the audiotapes from Nixon’s White House, said the recordings clearly demonstrate that Nixon was “the ring leader of the abuses of power that we group under the heading of Watergate.” “They do show Nixon deliberately, consciously and illegally weaponizing the government against those he considered political threats,” Hughes said. Liberals have praised him for signing Title IX and the Environmental Protection Agency into law but criticized his administration for launching a “war on drugs.” After losing the 1960 presidential election and the 1962 California gubernatorial race, Nixon famously told reporters that they “won’t have Nixon to kick around anymore,” only to then become president in 1968 and subsequently win every state except for Massachusetts and the District of Columbia in his 1972 re-election. The scandal that brought down Nixon, in oversimplified terms, centered around his complicity in attempts to cover up the involvement of members in his administration in a botched break-in to bug the Democratic Party’s headquarters. While the twists and turns were widely covered by multiple national media at the time, the scandal was immortalized by the book and film “All the President’s Men,” based on the work of Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein — relying in part on an anonymous source known as “Deep Throat” — to expose the plot. “If Donald Trump and his advisors and his supporters, in the media and within his administration, can alter the history of Watergate, then they can pretty much change anything, and that’s why the history of Watergate matters so much,” said Koncewicz, associate director of New York University’s Institute for Public Knowledge. “It sends chills down your spine about how close this is to what they’re trying to do to President Trump right now with this radical judiciary,” Bannon said on his podcast in August. Monica Crowley, a Trump administration official and former Fox News host, said on a New York Post podcast in July that “the full vindication, I think, of President Nixon is coming to pass.” She said Trump passes Nixon’s portrait every day, and she sees the two men as similarly “forging their own path, which inevitably put them in a collision course with the deep state.” Many of these conservative commentators rely on or feature Geoff Shepard, a former Nixon administration lawyer, who’s written for decades about ways he believes the president was wronged in the Watergate investigation. In September, a historian spotted one of Shepard’s Watergate books displayed prominently at the gift shop of the National Archives, which is currently managed by the former head of the Nixon Foundation. The tape is typically interpreted as showing that Nixon approved White House interference in the FBI probe into the DNC break-in, but according to Shepard, it was actually a narrow question as to whether investigators could look into donations the Department of Justice had deemed outside of the Watergate case. In other words, he writes on his website, it “did not remotely prove that Nixon was in on, much less directing, the cover-up from its outset.” Shepard, who is also on the Nixon Foundation’s board, declined an interview request, but said in an email that his focus has always been on ways he believes the Watergate Special Prosecution Force violated the due process rights of the president and his aides. Nixon’s team distributed cash as hush money payments, the president is on tape approving it, the grand jury testimony was provided to Congress through a judicial process and there were no secret meetings with a federal judge, she said. “How much more do you need than that for him to be guilty of the cover-up?” The Nixon Foundation, which gave Trump an Architect of Peace Award last month, has welcomed the newfound interest in dismantling the mainstream narrative around Watergate. It recently published a video featuring podcast host Michael Knowles describing him as “the first president taken down by the deep state.” Speaking at the Nixon Library in Yorba Linda, California, this month, Knowles said the investigations into Trump during his first term started the process of exonerating Nixon by demonstrating “the lengths to which ‘deep state’ would go to undermine the will of the electorate.” “Was it so crazy that the man whom they dubbed ‘Tricky Dick’ might be the target of their shenanigans?” Knowles said in his speech, later adding, “The forces that sought to destroy him are the forces that threaten us again.” Knowles was unavailable for an interview. Hughes, from the University of Virginia, said Nixon pursued a cover-up to protect himself because he had committed crimes to target political enemies, and it’s what makes his actions most relevant today.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/zootopia-2-meet-voices-behind-new-characters-disney-animated-sequel-including-fortune-feimster-ke-huy-quan/18226027/
Article: Ke Huy Quan and Fortune Feimster living ultimate Disney dream in 'Zootopia 2' Disney's "Zootopia 2" is dominating the box office and is expected to take in nearly $150 million over the Thanksgiving weekend. Nibbles Maplestick Comedian Fortune Feimster comes to the world of Zootopia as an eager beaver podcaster who helps Judy Hopps (Ginnifer Goodwin) and Nick Wilde (Jason Bateman) with a case. "It's made a huge impact on my childhood, so to get to be a Disney character and have your own merchandise and also be a part of this huge family where you're going to have a positive influence on the next generation. That is something every actor hopes to be a part of." Hundreds of people - about 700 to be exact - helped bring the movie to life, from storyboard artists to animators. "All of us love working together, but we each have these strong suits and we rely on one another, and that's something that I think is very special to this trio," said Chief Creative Officer of Walt Disney Animation Studios Jared Bush.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqlk5gd3kv9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: One government source described it as a "restatement of values, something that MPs wanted to see, government being more bold about what it believes in and what a Labour government is". In other words, giving Labour MPs something many of them - not just the left-wing fringe, but government ministers like Bridget Phillipson - had argued for, has cheered them right up after months of unhappiness and anxiety-fuelled conversations about what Keir Starmer stands for and whether he is up to the job. House of Commons While it's not a policy that is universally popular with the public, the decision makes it easier for the leadership to get their backbenchers on board and manage the party. But you don't need me to remind you Labour's time in office has been eventful at best, chaotic at worst, with the leadership unable to keep its MPs in line. From a political point of view, another government source says "there'll be a body language change and we are going to enjoy the fight." If - and it is still an if - this calm can last, politics can settle down and businesses might feel more confident. It's not like other governments globally are smashing it." Another boss of a company worth billions told me: "Twenty-six billion of extra tax is not normal, but I think the Budget will settle things down. We all love to criticise but maybe it is time to cut them some slack." The polls do not suggest for a second that the public at large is in the mood to do that. But for one member of the government, the best-case scenario "has to be an uptick in the polls and a stronger message for May", referring to a mega set of elections in Scotland, Wales and across different parts of England where Labour is roundly expected to get hammered, and Keir Starmer's job is expected to hang in the balance. But one party insider grimly joked, after this week: "The best-case scenario for the PM is that he gets to May, and then there is a failed challenge." What about the worst-case scenario? You'd calmed everybody down, bond yields happy, Labour backbenchers happy, then you throw it all up in the air again!" Separate to the Budget process, unions and business and ministers had been trying to find a compromise over how long workers would have to be in a job before getting the right to claim they'd been unfairly sacked. The partial climbdown is not likely to result in an enormous bust-up – one of Angela Rayner's steadfast allies who pioneered the wider plans said they were a "little concerned" rather than frothing with rage. It's not complicated and it's made the Labour-trade union relationship more difficult and created unnecessary tension for Starmer and Reeves in the event of things tanking after local elections." In other words, leadership watch out. It's hard to reconcile that with Reeves and Starmer's language before and after the general election: that helping business make money and hire more people - growth - was at the top of their list. One city figure told me: "The left side of Labour might hate business but that's what pays for the things they want - it cannot fund the triple lock, welfare, and the NHS unless the economy grows." Another senior business figure told me: "I think we are bit screwed aren't we - by end of the decade we are going to spend nearly 400 billion on pensions and welfare - growth is clearly not at the top of the list." The minimum wage is going up. Pointing to decisions on Heathrow and new nuclear, they hit back: "If those business want to employ decent people in the years to come, it's quite a good idea those children don't go hungry when they are growing up." PA Wire Starmer himself will insist the government is just as committed to growth as it's always been in his speech next week, and is likely to emphasise his desire to get rid of red tape and speed up the planning system. Multiple sources suggest Labour switching to a more traditional focus to please its party removes what sometimes felt like a contradiction - a focus on helping business make money at the same time as pursuing its own values. As one business leader suggested, the increase to the minimum wage and increased taxes could mean "everyone will just not hire - there's nothing to create confidence for us when we desperately need it." The Treasury might hope something else turns up and the long-term picture improves, perhaps because of advances in AI, perhaps because of planning reforms, perhaps because of, who knows. Getty Images Richard Hughes, chair of the Office for Budget Responsibility (left), flanked by Andy King and Prof David Miles Repeatedly, and unusually publicly, the chancellor talked about how changes to the financial picture would leave her with no choice but to take those pesky, difficult decisions, i.e. Many briefings were deliberate, including suggestions just last week that the numbers from the Office for Budget Responsibility had come in more or less at the last moment, looking more rosy than had been expected. What we now know is that the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), which released this information late on Friday, had weeks before told Rachel Reeves that because more tax had come in, there wasn't actually a hole in her finances after all. But even one Labour insider questions whether the government crossed the line: "Everyone knows the game, but there's a line between rolling the pitch and simply misleading the public and the lobby." In the worst-case scenario, the very messy Budget process has damaged trust in the government even more, and given their opponents more reason to hurl accusations of bad faith and bad behaviour right in heir face.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cpwkxgwnqdzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Verstappen made up two places at the start as he followed team-mate Yuki Tsunoda past the Aston Martin of Fernando Alonso, who had excelled in putting his uncompetitive car fourth on the grid, and the Japanese then let the Dutchman past. Verstappen challenged Norris for the first few laps, even feigning an overtaking attempt on the Briton at one point, but eventually began to drop back complaining of bouncing and jumping from his car. After the first three corners, the only overtaking move in the points positions was when Mercedes' Kimi Antonelli took advantage of Alonso running wide out of the final corner at the end of lap 12 to pass down the inside of Turn One at the start of the following lap.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/hhs-employees-sort-return-office-mandate-118451884
Article: Employees at HHS and its various sub-agencies are struggling to figure out how to implement President Donald Trump's executive order requiring them to report in-person to their work sites full-time, and how the changes will affect them. The two-paragraph order stated that "Heads of all departments and agencies in the executive branch of government shall, as soon as practicable, take all necessary steps to terminate remote work arrangements and require employees to return to work in-person at their respective duty stations on a full-time basis, provided that the department and agency heads shall make exemptions they deem necessary." The order was further explained in a January 27 memo to agency heads from both the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) and the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). That memo directed agency heads to submit no later than February 7 plans that will "describe the steps the agency will take to revise telework agreements for all eligible employees including major milestones for implementation" and "provide timelines for the return of all eligible employees to in-person work as expeditiously as possible." Agencies must also explain their plans for getting those who are working remotely full-time back to the office, especially those who live more than 50 miles from their duty stations, and outline any exceptions they intend to grant. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) released a report stating that only 6% of federal workers were in the office full-time; the report was titled "Out of Office: Bureaucrats on the beach and in bubble baths but not in office buildings." Ernst's percentage was very much at odds with a 2024 OMB report -- which has since been removed from the OMB website -- that found that 54% of federal employees work in the office full-time, while the other 46% of the federal workforce is telework eligible, according to a story on the Meritalk website. Generally Popular With Both Parties Overall, however, telework actually has been popular on both sides of the aisle, Max Stier, president and CEO of the Partnership for Public Service, said last month on a phone call with reporters: "There has been bipartisan support for telework in the federal space for many, many years, because it's been shown to -- when well-applied -- provide both for better performance and improved ability to recruit the best talent for federal positions." The Partnership for Public Service says its aim is to build "a better government and a stronger democracy." In the past few years, "there's obviously been a push to try to move people in the federal space back into the office," Stier continued. We know it's really important to understand that you have those [telework] components that have been working very well, even pre-pandemic, and you wouldn't want to disrupt them, because that would have very negative consequences for the American people." The in-office order comes as the General Services Administration announced plans to significantly reduce the federal government's real estate footprint. "So those things do run in conflict with each other, and certainly it's so important to understand the transition needs of any organization." Like everyone else in the federal workforce, HHS's more than 80,000 employees -- several of whom spoke to MedPage Today on condition of anonymity -- are trying to figure out how the back-to-work order will be implemented in their specific situation. Some who have previously worked at the Washington headquarters, for example, say there is likely not enough interior space or parking to accommodate all of the employees if everyone now assigned there were to return full-time. Still another employee said that their colleagues were "none too pleased" to hear about the back-to-office-full-time requirement, noting that the rule appeared to supersede other arrangements in which people could, for instance, work four 10-hour days and get the fifth day off. There are ways to achieve the overall goal of serving the American people well, but this is not that." Changes to Work/Life Balance With this change, "people's work/life balance is about to be completely tipped over," the person continued. They noted that "the flexibility of remote work allowed them to create lives where they were much more productive as parents and still got their work done; if they had to do a carpool at 3 p.m., they could do that and work into the evening. But you can't do that if you're in the office 5 days a week with inflexible workplace rules." Another employee said that telework made it easier to work longer hours when necessary. Before telework, "it would take me an hour to get into work in the morning and maybe 90 minutes or longer to get home in the afternoon," they said, explaining that they worked a 7 a.m.-to-3:30 p.m. But with telework, "I could work before 7 or after 3:30, and that has happened commonly -- things come up and require more than just the 8 hours that you do on Monday through Friday." One thing that might affect whether and when HHS employees return to the office full-time is any collective bargaining agreements that employee unions have with the federal government. "In the OPM memo, they indicated that there were some issues that need to be resolved through the collective bargaining process before employees that were represented by the unions could actually return to the office," the employee added.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/20-dead-missing-after-boat-capsizes-northwestern-congo-127962541
Article: At least 20 people have died, and several remain missing after a boat capsized in northwestern Congo At least 20 dead, several missing after boat capsizes in northwestern Congo KINSHASA, Congo -- At least 20 people have died, and several remain missing after a boat capsized in northwestern Congo, according to local residents. Speaking to The Associated Press via telephone on Saturday, Emmanuel Bola, a resident of the nearby town of Inongo, said that the boat was traveling from the town of Kiri to Kinshasa when it capsized between the villages of Bobeni and Lobeke around 8 p.m. Kevani Nkoso, the governor of Maï-Ndombe province, speaking on national TV, said that “we are awaiting details from the teams deployed to the field to determine the number of people killed and the number of survivors.” The capsizing of boats is becoming increasingly frequent in this central African nation as more people are abandoning the few available roads for cheaper, wooden vessels that are crumbling under the weight of passengers and their goods.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/student-loans-tax-planning.html
Article: A law that shielded student loan forgiveness from taxation at the federal level — a provision in the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 — expires at the end of 2025. Gather records showing forgiveness eligibility Borrowers who became eligible for student loan forgiveness in 2025 or expect to before year-end "should save all payment records with their servicers," said Nancy Nierman, assistant director of the Education Debt Consumer Assistance Program in New York. Calculate your student loan interest deduction Recent tax legislation hasn't affected this longstanding break: Borrowers can deduct up to $2,500 in interest payments made on private or federal student loans from their taxable income each year. Your lender or student loan servicer reports your interest payments for the tax year to the IRS on a tax form called a 1098-E, and should provide you with a copy in January.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/abc13-share-holidays-how-galveston-isds-special-programs-supported-domestic-violence-survivor-children-time-need/18208818/
Article: Why Galveston ISD mother says program and longtime leader 'saved' her and her children Galveston ISD's Special Programs helps with everything from hunger to homelessness, with the county benefiting from Share Your Holidays donations. GALVESTON, Texas (KTRK) -- In Galveston, they have a saying: "It takes an island." For Mary Simms Patrick and Galveston ISD, that spirit is seen through their work helping students and their families through the district's Special Programs department. I mean shoes, jackets, even with helping my kids now with Christmas." Bradford, who says she is a survivor of domestic violence, told ABC13 she made a life-changing move to Galveston about two and a half years ago. "And I said, 'I have to get away from here.' I was in fear for a long time." Bradford adds, "It just seemed like I couldn't get out of it, and I got a therapist to tell me that I was diagnosed with PTSD. She said, 'I just want to tell you I have a place for you and your kids to go for a vacation.'" That vacation turned into seeking refuge in Galveston. "But me coming out here, it was, like, the best decision." Bradford isn't the only one who has credited Patrick and her special programs team with ensuring food, housing, and safety needs are met. "She's like a second mom to me." Mitchell shared with ABC13 that despite a difficult start when she arrived in the district, she's remained focused on finishing school and wants to become a traveling nurse, a career path she was inspired to pursue after her grandmother Elizabeth was diagnosed with cancer when Mitchell was 14 years old. "Her statement was, 'I wanted others to know where I've been and where I'm going.'" Patrick explains that Special Programs also helps working students who may need workwear or uniforms for their jobs. "We try to leave no stone unturned." "Now the kids are more comfortable and they feel happy about going to school, better in their grades, going to church, don't mind speaking up," Bradford said. Mother Tashona Bradford said she wasn't afraid to share her story with ABC13, in hopes it could help someone else Assisting families like Bradford's is why donations - especially before the holidays - are so important, Patrick adds, as they can help ensure students who rely on meals at school don't go hungry while classes are out for winter break. For the last 45 years, ABC13 has partnered with the Houston Food Bank during Share Your Holidays to raise money and collect donations for the 18 counties the food bank serves. Nobody could come as quickly as y'all did to save us." If you or someone you know needs help getting out of a domestic violence situation, call the Houston Area Women's Center 24/7 hotline at 713-528-2121 or call AVDA at 713-224-9911. About ABC13 Share Your Holidays What started as an idea to put a food drive on TV for an hour has morphed into a Houston-area wide event going strong 45 years later as the ABC13 Share Your Holidays Food Drive. - Text "SYH2025" to 71777 - Scan the QR code seen on-air on ABC13 during Share Your Holidays stories - Visit the 2025 SYH fundraising page online Follow Brittaney Wilmore on Twitter and Instagram.

Link: https://abc7ny.com/post/northwestern-university-pay-75-million-deal-trump-administration-restore-federal-funding/18226262/
Article: Among other commitments it also requires the university to revoke the so-called Deering Meadow agreement, which it signed in April 2024 in exchange for pro-Palestinian protesters ending their tent encampment on campus. The agreement also calls for Northwestern to continue compliance with federal anti-discrimination laws, develop training materials to "socialize international students" with the norms of a campus dedicated to open debate, and uphold a commitment to Title IX by "providing safe and fair opportunities for women, including single-sex housing for any woman, defined on the basis of sex, who requests such accommodations and all-female sports, locker rooms, and showering facilities." Education Secretary Linda McMahon said the deal cements policy changes that will protect people on campus from harassment and discrimination. "The reforms reflect bold leadership at Northwestern and they are a roadmap for institutional leaders around the country that will help rebuild public trust in our colleges and universities," McMahon said. The fine agreed to by Northwestern is the second-largest behind Columbia, which agreed in July to pay the government $200 million to resolve a series of investigations and restore its funding. The Ivy League school sued over the administration's cuts to its grant money and won a court victory in September when a federal judge ordered the government to restore federal funding, saying the Trump administration "used antisemitism as a smokescreen." This fall, the White House tried a different approach on higher education, offering preferential treatment for federal funds to several institutions in exchange for adopting policies in line with Trump's agenda.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/airlines-work-fix-software-glitch-a320-aircraft-flights-are-disrupted/18226320/
Article: Airlines work to fix software glitch on A320 aircraft and some flights are disrupted Airlines around the world canceled and delayed flights heading into the weekend to fix software on a widely used commercial aircraft after an analysis found the computer code may have contributed to a sudden drop in the altitude of a JetBlue plane last month. Airbus said Friday that an examination of the JetBlue incident revealed that intense solar radiation may corrupt data critical to the functioning of flight controls on the A320 family of aircraft. "Although again the silver lining being that it only should take a few hours to update the software." At least 15 JetBlue passengers were injured and taken to the hospital after the Oct.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpq4l0rn3y1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sultana claims new Corbyn party carrying out 'witch hunt' against activists 9 minutes ago Share Save Sam Francis Political reporter Share Save PA Media Zarah Sultana has accused leading figures in the new party she is founding with Jeremy Corbyn of carrying out a "witch hunt" to purge left-wing activists. Sultana boycotted the first day of the founding conference of the project, currently operating under the name Your Party, after several members who also belonged to the Socialist Workers Party were expelled. A spokesperson for Sultana said: "This witch hunt is indefensible - we must build a party that welcomes all socialists." Asked by the BBC if she stood by the claim there was a witch hunt, Sultana said: "Absolutely." "And it is disgusting to see the type of behaviour we have seen in the Labour Party," she added. "It's a toxic culture we're not seeking to replicate here." Sultana said "nameless and faceless bureaucrats" were "working in the shadows" to expel people "without the membership actually voting on it". "This is politics outside the Westminster mould: from the ground up, not the top down." During his speech, Corbyn admitted there had been "mistakes" during the party's turbulent founding - a process that has seen Sultana frequently at odds with party officials and two MPs resign from the project. Before leaving, both Hussain and Mohamed had put their names to a letter criticising Sultana for failing to transfer an estimated £800,000 of Your Party donations held by a company she controls. Speaking on Saturday, Corbyn said: "As a party, we've got to come together and be united, because division and disunity will not serve the interests of the people that we want to represent." He also called for "public, democratic ownership" of the water industry, led a chant of "free, free Palestine" and urged party members to "campaign forevermore for real socialism and real social justice".

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/indonesian-rescuers-search-for-survivors-as-death-toll-from-floods-and-landslides-tops-300
Article: AGAM, Indonesia (AP) — Improved weather on Saturday helped rescuers on Indonesia’s Sumatra island recover more bodies as they struggled to reach several areas that were hit by landslides and flash floods that left more than 300 dead and scores missing. READ MORE: Why flash floods are the nation’s top storm-related cause of death Parts of Sumatra, known for its lush rainforests, volcanoes and mountain ranges, were cut off by damaged roads and downed communications lines, and relied on transport aircraft to deliver aid supplies. “The death toll is believed to be increasing, since many bodies are still missing, while many have not been reached,” said Suharyanto, the head of the government’s disaster relief agency, who like many Indonesians only uses one name. “We have to do many things soon, but conditions do not allow us to do so.” Local media said that flash floods in Bireuen district in Aceh collapsed ine bridges, paralyze two-way transportation from North Sumatra’s Medan city to Banda Aceh, and forced residents to cross the river from village to village by boat. It was the latest natural disaster to hit Indonesia, which is frequently struck by earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and tsunamis because of its location on the “Ring of Fire,” an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/russian-strikes-on-kyiv-kill-three-as-ukraine-envoys-travel-to-us-for-talks?traffic_source=rss
Article: Russian drone and missile strikes in and around Ukraine’s capital, Kyiv, have killed at least three people and wounded dozens of others, officials said, as Ukrainian representatives travelled to the United States for talks on a renewed push to end the war. “Russia shot dozens of cruise and ballistic missiles and over 500 drones at ordinary homes, the energy grid, and critical infrastructure,” Foreign Minister Andrii Sybiha wrote on X on Saturday. Kyiv’s military administration head, Tymur Tkachenko, said in a social media post that a 42-year-old man was killed by a drone, while the man’s 10-year-old son was taken to hospital with “burns and other injuries”. Ukraine team heads to US On the diplomatic front, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that his negotiators had left for Washington to seek a “dignified peace” and a rapid end to the war begun by Russia in 2022. Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine and head of the Ukrainian delegation Rustem Umerov, together with the team, is already on the way to the United States. Rustem delivered a report today, and the task is clear: to swiftly and substantively work out… — Volodymyr Zelenskyy / Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) November 29, 2025 “Ukraine continues to work with the United States in the most constructive way possible, and we expect that the results of the meetings in Geneva will now be hammered out in the United States.” At Kyiv’s insistence, US President Donald Trump’s initial 28-point plan to end the war was revised during talks in Geneva with European and US officials. Black Sea attacks Separately on Saturday, an official from the SBU security service said that Ukraine had hit two tankers used by Russia to export oil while skirting Western sanctions with marine drones in the Black Sea. Turkish authorities have said that blasts rocked two shadow fleet tankers near Turkiye’s Bosphorus Strait on Friday, causing fires on the vessels, and rescue operations were launched for those on board. The SBU official said both tankers – identified as the Kairos and Virat – were empty and on their way to the port of Novorossiysk, a major Russian oil terminal. Ukraine has consistently called for tougher international measures for Russia’s “shadow fleet”, which it says is helping Moscow export vast quantities of oil and fund its war in Ukraine despite Western sanctions.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/select/shopping/amazon-black-friday-2025-deals-rcna245870
Article: I spent weeks combing through thousands of discounts to find the best Black Friday deals at Amazon — each one I recommend below is highly rated and 20% off or more. Best Amazon Black Friday deals The Apple AirPods 4, currently at their lowest price ever, have a semi-open ear design, so you can hear sounds around you more clearly than with traditional earbuds. (Ed’s note: This product was the same price during October Prime Day, but we still consider this a good deal.) This anti-frizz spray helps minimize heat damage and leaves hair looking glossy and smooth after styling, according to the brand. “I’m more likely to sleep through the night now since I’m not anticipating being startled awake [by my alarm clock],” says NBC Select reporter Zoe Malin, who tested and reviewed the Hatch Restore 2. (Ed’s note: This product was the same price during October Prime Day, but we still consider this a good deal.) Unfold Hicober’s magnetic charging station to charge up to three Apple devices at once, or fold it into a compact disc to take on the go. Forget about messy cables and cords — this portable charger is compact enough to fit in your purse, travel pouch and pocket, and has a USB-C connector (compatible with the iPhone 15 and later versions), which folds down for easy storage. The Furbo is my go-to gift for pet parents because it rotates 360 degrees, so you can keep even closer tabs on your pet while you’re away, compared to fixed-angle pet cameras. One of our favorite cleansing balms, this Elemis option has a blend of oils and waxes that break down makeup, hydrate the skin, reduce inflammation and regulate oil production, according to the brand. 4.3-star average rating from 1,744 reviews on Amazon You can use this hot tool as a blow dryer with the included concentrator, plus as a hot air brush and curler with the included auto-wrap curlers and oval brush. 4.5-star average rating from 14,663 reviews on Amazon This single-serve coffee maker is one of my favorite coffee makers to use when I want a latte without the hassle of a high-end espresso machine. It brews four different cup sizes (5- and 8-ounce coffee, plus single and double espresso), and you can pour your brew over ice to make an iced latte or coffee. NBC Select reporter Zoe Malin loves using these weights in conjunction with her regular workouts and says they’re comfortable to wear and don’t slide around, even when she’s doing high-impact dance cardio and exercises like jumping jacks. Best Black Friday tech sales Best Black Friday beauty sales Best Black Friday home and kitchen sales Best apparel, accessories and footwear sales Best travel sales Best wellness and fitness sales Best toys, baby and family sales Best Black Friday sales at other retailers How I found the best Amazon Black Friday deals All of my recommendations above are based on NBC Select’s previous coverage and reporting, including products the NBC Select staff tested firsthand. When possible, I ran deals through price trackers like CamelCamelCamel to prioritize highlighting products that are at their lowest price in at least three months or the lowest price ever. I also wrote about every deal in this article and worked with NBC Select editors to finalize the live list, which I frequently update throughout Black Friday to reflect the latest prices.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5y9ejley9do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Flooding in southern Asia leaves hundreds dead 23 minutes ago Share Save Jessica Rawnsley Share Save Getty Images Search and rescue operations are ongoing across Indonesia, Thailand and Malaysia with hundreds still missing Torrential rains have triggered floods and landslides across parts of southern Asia, killing about 600 people. Getty Images In Indonesia hundreds are still missing after heavy rains wreaked havoc on the island of Sumatra Indonesia's disaster agency said on Saturday that nearly 300 people were still missing after flooding devastated Sumatra. In Pidie Jaya Regency in Aceh Province, resident Arini Amalia told the BBC: "The current was very fast, in a matter of seconds it reached the streets, entered the houses." She said and her grandmother raced to a relative's house on higher terrain. "It's already sunk." After waters rapidly rose in West Sumatra and submerged his home, Meri Osman said he was "swept away by the current" and clung onto a clothesline until he was rescued. Getty Images Tens of thousands of people have taken refuge in shelters in Thailand In Songkhla province, southern Thailand, water rose 3m (10ft) and at least 145 people died in one of the worst floods in a decade. Hat Yai resident Thanita Khiawhom told BBC Thai: "We were stuck in the water for seven days and no agency came to help." The government has promised relief measures, including compensation of up to two million baht ($62,000) for households that lost family members.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/c87ld9glq95o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump, who won this event in 2024 and 2011, defeated the Scot 6-4 in an entertaining clash to move into the last 16 where he will play China's Si Jiahui. Maguire, the 2004 winner, made breaks of 86, 111, 82 and 86 but also made costly errors, with Trump stealing the eighth frame on a respotted black having trailed 26-61. Earlier on Saturday, Si became the first man through to the last 16 after making easy work of Wales' Ryan Day with a 6-0 victory in just over two hours. The Welshman failed to register a single point in four of those six frames, scoring only 55 points in total compared to 521 from Si, who made breaks of 61, 80 and 68.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/ai-country-hit-walk-walk-built-blanco-browns-127959979
Article: 1 on Billboard's country digital song sales chart this month, it was credited to a fictional artist named Breaking Rust — a white, digitally generated avatar that didn't exist two months ago. But the song's vocal phrasing, melodic shape and stylistic DNA came from someone who does exist: Grammy-nominated country artist Blanco Brown, a Black music artist who has worked with Britney Spears, Childish Gambino and Rihanna. “I didn't even know about the song until people hit me up about it,” said Brown, whose 2019 country rap hit “The Git Up” helped usher in a new, hybrid era of country crossover. They just used the Blanco, not the Brown.” The moment is the latest example of how generative AI is upending the music industry, giving anyone the ability to instantly create seemingly new songs by typing prompts into a chat window, often using models trained on real artists' voices and styles without their knowledge. The credits for the grit-filled, chant-heavy track “Walk My Walk” list Aubierre Rivaldo Taylor as one of the song's creators, with streaming platforms such as Apple Music and Spotify identifying him as both the songwriter and producer. In recent months, Taylor has also been credited on streaming platforms as the songwriter and producer behind Defbeatsai — one of several X-rated, AI-generated country artists that exploded across social media last year. Abushmais co-wrote a couple of songs on Brown's 2019 album “Honeysuckle & Lightning Bugs” and is listed as the developer of Echo, an obscure AI-powered music generator app promoted on one of Defbeats.ai's Instagram pages with a link encouraging users to “make your own hit country song.” Brown said he wasn't notified about their involvement in the AI hit, and the collaborator he once mentored has since become unreachable. The digital avatar fronting “Walk My Walk," a white, AI-generated country singer built with a vocal approach modeled on Brown's sound, is where the moment shifted from eerie to uncomfortable. Warner Music Group followed with its own deal on Tuesday, partnering with Suno in what the companies called a “first-of-its-kind” agreement to develop licensed AI music that both compensates and protects artists. Educators say most chart-ready AI vocals today are generated through systems like Suno and Udio, which let users create full songs by prompting musical genres, vocal styles and lyrical ideas. “There are things a real artist conveys that the digital part never will,” said Shelton “Shelly” Berg, dean of the University of Miami's Frost School of Music and a Grammy-nominated pianist. For him, the arrival of an AI artist built on his tone only underscored something he has learned repeatedly in Nashville: talent is one thing, but how the industry assigns value is often something else.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/new-hulu-special-fuses-fashion-science-commemorate-world-aids-day/18214193/
Article: For the Hulu special, "HIV Unwrapped," design students from the Parsons School of Design partnered with the best HIV scientists in the world to change the narrative about the stigma of HIV through fashion. "We are taking science, really complex science, and fashion, two worlds that you don't normally think come together, and weirdly, they do," said Karl Schmid, executive producer of "HIV Unwrapped" and co-founder of +Life Media to On The Red Carpet. And that's a really important message, not just in the world of HIV and what I do in fighting stigma and everything, but I think right now more than ever to show that you can have worlds that are opposite apart, but if they come and have a chat they can create something beautiful. And if fashion can be a portal to reminding people of the importance of ending HIV, then we'll take it," said Shreya Jani, Senior Vice President of Public Affairs at Gilead Sciences. We don't exist in a monolith and we all have different experiences and I just want to show the world that regardless of what happens to you, we are more than the worst thing that has happened to us and that we can do incredible and be beautiful regardless of our HIV status," said Bianca Ordoñez, who took part in the event.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-administration-halts-all-asylum-decisions-after-shooting-of-national-guard-members
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration has halted all asylum decisions and paused issuing visas for people traveling on Afghan passports days after a shooting near the White House that left one National Guard member dead and another in critical condition. The Trump administration has seized on the shooting to vow to intensify efforts to rein in legal immigration, promising to pause entry from some poor countries and review Afghans and other legal migrants already in the country. In an interview on Fox News, she said there were “many charges to come.” Asylum decisions halted Trump called the shooting a “terrorist attack” and criticized the Biden administration for enabling entry by Afghans who worked with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said in a post on the social platform X that asylum decisions will be paused “until we can ensure that every alien is vetted and screened to the maximum degree possible.” READ MORE: Refugee groups worry about backlash after National Guard shooting Experts say the U.S. Also Friday, Secretary of State Marco Rubio said his department paused “visa issuance for ALL individuals traveling on Afghan passports.” Shawn VanDiver, president of the San Diego-based group #AfghanEvac, said in response: “They are using a single violent individual as cover for a policy they have long planned, turning their own intelligence failures into an excuse to punish an entire community and the veterans who served alongside them.” The suspect Lakanwal lived in Bellingham, Washington, about 80 miles (130 kilometers) north of Seattle, with his wife and five children, former landlord Kristina Widman said. Lakanwal served in a CIA-backed Afghan Army unit, known as one of the special Zero Units, in the southern province of Kandahar, according to a resident of the eastern province of Khost who identified himself as Lakanwal’s cousin and spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals. Beckstrom ‘exemplified leadership, dedication’ Beckstrom enlisted in 2023 after graduating high school and served with distinction as a military police officer with the 863rd Military Police Company, the West Virginia National Guard said.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/no-16-texas-spoils-3-ams-perfect-season-27-17-knocks-aggies-sec-title-game/18226185/
Article: 3 Texas A&M's perfect season 27-17, knocks Aggies out of SEC title game AUSTIN, Texas -- Arch Manning threw a touchdown pass and ran for the clinching score late in the fourth quarter and No. Manning's 29-yard touchdown pass to Ryan Wingo in the third quarter gave Texas (9-3, 6-2 SEC, No, 16 CFP) a 13-10 lead in what had been a tight, defensive game. 1 and at one point was unranked, beat a top-10 opponent for the third time this season to keep alive any faint hopes of making the College Football Playoff for the third consecutive time. "We are absolutely a playoff team," Texas coach Steve Sarkisian said, "and worthy of an opportunity to play for a national championship." Texas would be the first three-loss team to make the playoffs. Texas A &M quarterback Marcel Reed, who had emerged as a late-season Heisman Trophy contender and led the Aggies' in a stunning second-half rally against South Carolina two weeks ago, threw two fourth-quarter interceptions against the Longhorns, one of them at the Texas 3. Facing third-and-short, Manning ran through the right side of the line, found a seam to slip into the secondary, and clutched the ball tightly as he crossed the goal line ahead of a lunging defender. "If you don't think we're one of the best 12 teams in the country, I don't know what to tell you." The takeaway Texas A &M: The Aggies could find no rally magic this time. "They just had a better game plan in the second half for us." Texas: A run game that has been missing most of the season erupted in the second half as Texas took control. Reed shook off early injury scare Reed left the game briefly in the first quarter when he rolled his left ankle making a cut on scramble and had to be helped off the field.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/tunisia-police-arrrest-opposition-figure-chaima-issa-during-protest?traffic_source=rss
Article: The protest came after an appeals court on Friday handed jail terms of up to 45 years to opposition leaders, businessmen and lawyers on charges of conspiracy to overthrow President Kais Saied. Meanwhile, UK-based rights group Amnesty International said the ruling was “an appalling indictment of the Tunisian justice system”, condemning “a relentless campaign to erode rights and silence dissent” in Tunisia. Advertisement Many of the powers that Saied had taken for himself were later enshrined in a new constitution, ratified in a widely boycotted 2022 referendum, while media figures and lawyers critical of Saied have been prosecuted and detained under a “fake news” law enacted that same year.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/the-listening-post/2025/11/29/why-isnt-us-media-busting-the-narco-state-myth?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States’ deadly “counter-narcotics mission” off Venezuela’s coast hinges on an unproven drug-smuggling narrative – a familiar pretext for regime change, and one the mainstream media have been quick to echo. Contributors: Spencer Ackerman – Author, Reign of Terror and Waller vs Wildstorm Abby Martin – Journalist, The Empire Files Miguel Tinker Salas – Professor, Latin American history, Pomona College “Pablo” – Anonymous Venezuelan journalist On our radar: New leaks, from a disputed 28-point peace proposal to a secretly recorded call between Trump’s envoy and a Russian official, have upended the delicate Russia-Ukraine negotiations. Israel’s settlers: From margin to mainstream Israeli settler violence in the West Bank has surged to unprecedented levels, driven by a fringe movement whose far-right ideology has been amplified and normalised across Israeli news outlets.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/what-americans-should-know-winter-travel-mexico-amid-increased-caution-advisory/18226518/
Article: Embassy in Mexico has issued guidance to Americans headed to Mexico over the winter months, encouraging them to be mindful of the country's current Level 2 travel advisory and urging them to "exercise increased caution" due to "terrorism, crime, and kidnapping." The embassy shared advice for planning safe travel earlier this month, including "following the entry and exit requirements, reviewing local laws, and other travel guidance from the U.S. embassy or consulate." The Level 2 advisory -- outlined on the official State Department travel website -- applies to 17 Mexican states and notes that violent crimes include "homicide, kidnapping, carjacking, and robbery." "There is a risk of terrorist violence, including terrorist attacks and other activity in Mexico," it adds. Seven states including Baja California, Chiapas, Chihuahua, Guanajuato, Jalisco, Morelos, and Sonora have a Level 3 advisory, which means Americans should "reconsider travel." Six states -- Colima, Guerrero, Michoacan, Sinaloa, Tamaulipas, Zacatecas -- have Level 4 advisories, indicating that Americans should not travel there. travelers should exercise caution, according to the embassy, include San Carlos, Puerto Peñasco (Rocky Point), Los Cabos, and Mazatlán, among others, "especially after dark." See the Mexico Travel Advisory for additional information about each Mexican state. Firearms and other weapons: "Bringing firearms or ammunition into Mexico without proper local permits and permissions is a serious crime that can lead to a lengthy prison sentence," the embassy stated. "All guns and even small amounts of ammunition, used shells, empty magazines, knives, fireworks and explosives, daggers, swords, and brass knuckles are illegal." Entry and exit requirements: All travelers must obtain a Forma Migratoria Múltiple, or FMM, which people can apply for online or at a local immigration office. "Ensure your passport is valid for the duration of your stay." Legal and customs entry: "Know Mexican customs and laws on items you are allowed to bring into Mexico," the embassy stated. "If traveling by car, ensure you comply with Mexico's temporary vehicle import law." See a full list of Mexican customs and laws here to find out which items are allowed into Mexico. citizens should not carry packages across the border for them." Actions Americans can take while traveling to Mexico The embassy also reminded travelers to ensure they prepare accordingly if they plan to travel to Mexico this winter. Travelers should be sure to check the State Department Travel Information Pageand the Mexico Travel Advisory for details and entry requirements and enroll in the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program, or STEP, for safety updates and information on how to get help in an emergency from the embassy or consulate. "If you need roadside assistance on a Mexican federal toll highway, call the Green Angels by dialing 078 from a phone in Mexico or by calling 911." Those traveling to Mexico should check their health insurance coverage or purchase travel insurance. Multilingual Centers for the Care and Protection of the Tourist, as well as Tourist Assistance Centers are available for disputes with businesses and the government, to file criminal reports, or for other special needs, according to the embassy.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c035je2y608o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: He had a parallel career as a Hollywood script doctor, much in demand to add sparkle to others' film scripts, and shared a best-screenplay Oscar for his entertaining contribution to Shakespeare in Love. Plays like Arcadia, Jumpers and the work which first made his name, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead, were sometimes criticised for lacking emotional depth, for being too much show and too little substance. Getty Images He worked as a journalist before finding success as a writer He was born Tomas Straussler on 3 July 1937 in what was then Czechoslovakia, where his Jewish father worked as a doctor for the Bata shoe company. But the play that really catapulted him to fame was Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead, which premiered at the Edinburgh Festival in 1966 and transferred to London's National Theatre in 1967. Rex Features His second marriage was to doctor and TV presenter Miriam Stoppard He followed it with a succession of intensely theatrical divertissements, often revolving around unexpected intellectual conceits or bizarre juxtapositions and featuring brilliant dialogue, puns, repartee, double meanings and misunderstandings. Travesties was set in Zurich during World War One and featured Lenin, James Joyce, the Dadaist Tristan Tzara and The Importance of Being Earnest by Oscar Wilde - to whose bright, brittle and self-consciously clever plays Stoppard's were sometimes compared. If You're Glad I'll Be Frank imagined the speaking clock as a real woman speaking live, her internal monologue utterly at odds with the deadening repetitiveness of endlessly intoning "at the third stroke...". "I slowly learned that plays work best if you let them have some blood heat, and not simply be exciting exchanges of witty ideas," he told Joan Bakewell in a revealing interview in 2002. "It's the humanity of the characters that gives theatre the possibility of being great art." Rex Features The Real Thing, Stoppard's study of adultery, featured Felicity Kendal with whom he later had a relationship So Night and Day was about journalism and its purposes; the Real Thing was about love and infidelity and starred Felicity Kendal, for whom Stoppard left his second wife, the doctor and broadcaster Miriam Stoppard. Every Good Boy Deserves Favour put a symphony orchestra on stage alongside the actors in a savage satire which dramatised the plight of Soviet dissidents locked away in mental hospitals. The Coast of Utopia was a massive trilogy about the 19th Century Russian liberal thinker, Alexander Herzen: coolly received at the National Theatre in London, it was a huge success in New York. There's various ways of describing such a person, dilettante might be one way and polymath might be another." "To write a play at all I do have to get hold of that fix, that charge, that juice which comes from getting really, really interested in a small area - it might be a scientific thing, it might be a philosophical thing, it might be an historical thing - but a real unforced, uncontainable fascination for something, from which everything else then becomes a play." Ronald Grant Stoppard (R) directed the film of his play Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/29/1115745320/acclaimed-playwright-tom-stoppard-dies-at-88
Article: Acclaimed playwright Tom Stoppard dies at 88 Enlarge this image toggle caption Justin Tallis/WPA Pool/Getty Images Justin Tallis/WPA Pool/Getty Images For more than a half century, Tom Stoppard was one of the most acclaimed playwrights in the English-speaking theater. Stoppard wrote erudite plays that touched on a broad range of topics – from his 1966 absurdist comedy Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead about two minor characters from Hamlet — to his 1993 drama Arcadia which included dialogue about Chaos Theory and Garden Landscaping. And an exclusive playwright is a contradiction in terms." In 1999, Stoppard won an Oscar for his verbal gymnastics in his screenplay for Shakespeare in Love starring Joseph Fiennes as the young playwright and Gwyneth Paltrow as his inspiration for Juliet. And you've got to hear everything they say — you get to hear it once, you can't turn the page back." Stoppard was talking about the difficulty of holding the audience's attention through his epic nine-hour trilogy, The Coast of Utopia, about 19th-century Russian intellectuals.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/authorities-probe-corruption-and-negligence-in-deadly-hong-kong-apartment-fire
Article: HONG KONG (AP) — Hong Kong’s deadliest fire in decades has raised questions about corruption and negligence in the renovations of the apartment complex where at least 128 people died. READ MORE: Death toll rises to 128 in Hong Kong residential fire as 8 more arrested over towers’ renovation Police on Wednesday arrested three men from a construction company on suspicion of manslaughter and gross negligence. Police have not identified the company where the suspects worked, but documents posted to the homeowners association’s website showed that the Prestige Construction & Engineering Company was in charge of renovations. Residents found safety issues a year before fire For almost a year, some residents at the Wang Fuk Court complex had been raising safety concerns to Hong Kong authorities about the scaffolding materials being used in the renovation project, according to documents reviewed by the AP, specifically about the netting that covered the scaffolding. Hong Kong’s labor department in a statement on Saturday confirmed it had received such complaints, adding that officials had carried out 16 inspections of Wang Fuk Court’s renovation project since July 2024, and had warned contractors multiple times in writing that they must ensure they met fire safety requirements. The labor department said later on Saturday that three prosecutions were brought against the company over breaches of safety regulations for working at height in the construction and convictions in two of the cases resulted in fines of totaling 30,000 Hong Kong dollars ($3,850). First responders also found that some fire alarms in the complex, which housed many older people, did not sound when tested, said Andy Yeung, the director of Hong Kong Fire Services. Intense blaze took days to put out It took firefighters a day to bring the fire under control, and it was not fully extinguished until Friday morning — some 40 hours after it started. Crews prioritized apartments from which they had received emergency calls during the blaze but were unable to reach in the hours that the fire burned out of control, Derek Armstrong Chan, a deputy director of Hong Kong Fire Services, told reporters. Near the site of the fire, Sara Yu held the hand of her 2-year-old son, Dominic, as they each placed a single white rose into a growing cluster of the flowers in a small children’s playground.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/shoppers-spend-billions-black-friday-snag-holiday-deals-127966635
Article: Despite wider economic uncertainty hovering above this year’s holiday season, shoppers turned out in big numbers for Black Friday — spending billions of dollars both in stores and online NEW YORK -- Despite wider economic uncertainty hovering above this year's holiday season, shoppers turned out in big numbers for Black Friday — spending billions of dollars both in stores and online. But “the story isn’t just that shoppers stayed home; it’s that they’re changing how and when they shop,” Joe Shasteen, global manager of advanced analytics at RetailNext said in emailed comments on Saturday. He explained that customers are now spreading out purchases over a longer time frame and “walking into stores with a far narrower mission than we’ve seen in past holiday seasons.” Black Friday remains a major date on retailers' calendar — and Shasteen added that Friday's drop is “notably better” than a sharper 6.2% decline RetailNext saw in in-store traffic for the days leading up to Thanksgiving.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/11/29/what-is-happening-in-gazas-bermuda?traffic_source=rss
Article: To many of us, it is not clear how Israel counts the “trucks of food”, as there are indeed many commercial trucks allowed in that carry food of low nutritional value, like chocolate bars and biscuits, or food that is too expensive, like frozen chicken for $25 a kilo or a tray of eggs for $30. Advertisement The distance between the border and the displacement camps, where aid should be distributed, looks short on the map, but in reality, it is the longest distance politically and security-wise. Recently, talk about the missing aid has grown louder in the streets, especially as basic food items have suddenly appeared in local markets while still carrying labels that say: “Humanitarian Aid Not for Sale”. According to the UN mechanism for aid monitoring, from May 19 to November 29, 8035 aid trucks made it to their destinations inside Gaza; 7,127 were “intercepted” either “peacefully” or “forcefully”. As the world chooses yet again to turn a blind eye, it is not only trucks that are vanishing into Gaza’s “Bermuda triangle”, it is also the strength of Palestinians to keep going.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/pop-culture-news/tom-stoppard-playwright-oscar-winning-shakespeare-love-dies-88-rcna246446
Article: “He will be remembered for his works, for their brilliance and humanity, and for his wit, his irreverence, his generosity of spirit and his profound love of the English language,” they said. ”“It was an honor to work with Tom and to know him.” The Czech-born Stoppard was often hailed as the greatest British playwright of his generation and was garlanded with honors, including a shelf full of theater gongs. Five of them won Tony Awards for best play: “Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead” in 1968; “Travesties” in 1976; “The Real Thing” in 1984; “The Coast of Utopia” in 2007; and “Leopoldstadt” in 2023. … It’s those three things in gear together which make him so remarkable.” The writer was born Tomás Sträussler in 1937 to a Jewish family in Zlín in what was then Czechoslovakia, now the Czech Republic. He did not go to university but began his career, aged 17, as a journalist on newspapers in Bristol, southwest England, and then as a theater critic for Scene magazine in London. He wrote plays for radio and television including “A Walk on the Water,” televised in 1963, and made his stage breakthrough with “Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead,” which reimagined Shakespeare’s “Hamlet” from the viewpoint of two hapless minor characters. A mix of tragedy and absurdist humor, it premiered at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 1966 and was staged at Britain’s National Theatre, then run by Laurence Olivier, before moving to Broadway. A stream of exuberant, innovative plays followed, including meta-whodunnit “The Real Inspector Hound” (first staged in 1968); “Jumpers” (1972), a blend of physical and philosophical gymnastics, and “Travesties” (1974), which set intellectuals including James Joyce and Vladimir Lenin colliding in Zurich during World War I. Musical drama “Every Good Boy Deserves Favor” (1977) was a collaboration with composer Andre Previn about a Soviet dissident confined to a mental institution — part of Stoppard’s long involvement with groups advocating for human rights groups in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe. “The Real Thing” (1982) was a poignant romantic comedy about love and deception that featured plays within a play, while “Arcadia” (1993) moved between the modern era and the early 19th century, where characters at an English country house debated poetry, gardening and chaos theory as fate had its way with them. Stoppard began the 21st century with “The Coast of Utopia” (2002), an epic trilogy about pre-revolutionary Russian intellectuals, and drew on his own background for “Rock’n’roll” (2006), which contrasted the fates of the 1960s counterculture in Britain and in Communist Czechoslovakia. But biographer Lee said many of his plays contained a “sense of underlying grief.” “People in his plays … history comes at them,” Lee said at a British Library event in 2021. And over and over again I think you get that sense of loss and longing in these very funny, witty plays.” That was especially true of his late play “Leopoldstadt,” which drew on his own family’s story for the tale of a Jewish Viennese family over the first half of the 20th century. Stoppard said he began thinking of his personal link to the Holocaust quite late in life, only discovering after his mother’s death in 1996 that many members of his family, including all four grandparents, had died in concentration camps. “I wouldn’t have written about my heritage — that’s the word for it nowadays — while my mother was alive, because she’d always avoided getting into it herself,” Stoppard told The New Yorker in 2022. “It would be misleading to see me as somebody who blithely and innocently, at the age of 40-something, thought, ‘Oh, my goodness, I had no idea I was a member of a Jewish family,’” he said “Of course I knew, but I didn’t know who they were. These included dystopian Terry Gilliam comedy “Brazil” (1985), Steven Spielberg-directed war drama “Empire of the Sun” (1987), Elizabethan romcom “Shakespeare in Love” (1998) — for which he and Marc Norman shared a best adapted screenplay Oscar — code breaking thriller “Enigma” (2001) and Russian epic “Anna Karenina” (2012). He also wrote and directed a 1990 film adaptation of “Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead,” and translated numerous works into English, including plays by dissident Czech writer Václav Havel, who became the country’s first post-Communist president.

Link: https://abc7news.com/post/tom-stoppard-british-playwright-won-academy-award-shakespeare-love-dies-88/18226593/
Article: British playwright Tom Stoppard, who won Academy Award for 'Shakespeare In Love,' dies at 88 LONDON -- British playwright Tom Stoppard, a playful, probing dramatist who won an Academy Award for the screenplay for 1998's "Shakespeare In Love," has died. "He will be remembered for his works, for their brilliance and humanity, and for his wit, his irreverence, his generosity of spirit and his profound love of the English language," they said. ""It was an honor to work with Tom and to know him." FILE - Tom Stoppard poses with the award for best play for "Leopoldstadt" in the press room at the 76th annual Tony Awards on Sunday, June 11, 2023, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File) The Czech-born Stoppard was often hailed as the greatest British playwright of his generation and was garlanded with honors, including a shelf full of theater gongs. Five of them won Tony Awards for best play: "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead" in 1968; "Travesties" in 1976; "The Real Thing" in 1984; "The Coast of Utopia" in 2007; and "Leopoldstadt" in 2023. It's those three things in gear together which make him so remarkable." The writer was born Tomás Sträussler in 1937 to a Jewish family in Zlín in what was then Czechoslovakia, now the Czech Republic. He did not go to university but began his career, aged 17, as a journalist on newspapers in Bristol, southwest England, and then as a theater critic for Scene magazine in London. He wrote plays for radio and television including "A Walk on the Water," televised in 1963, and made his stage breakthrough with "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead," which reimagined Shakespeare's "Hamlet" from the viewpoint of two hapless minor characters. A mix of tragedy and absurdist humor, it premiered at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 1966 and was staged at Britain's National Theatre, then run by Laurence Olivier, before moving to Broadway. A stream of exuberant, innovative plays followed, including meta-whodunnit "The Real Inspector Hound" (first staged in 1968); "Jumpers" (1972), a blend of physical and philosophical gymnastics, and "Travesties" (1974), which set intellectuals including James Joyce and Vladimir Lenin colliding in Zurich during World War I. Musical drama "Every Good Boy Deserves Favor" (1977) was a collaboration with composer Andre Previn about a Soviet dissident confined to a mental institution - part of Stoppard's long involvement with groups advocating for human rights groups in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe. "The Real Thing" (1982) was a poignant romantic comedy about love and deception that featured plays within a play, while "Arcadia" (1993) moved between the modern era and the early 19th century, where characters at an English country house debated poetry, gardening and chaos theory as fate had its way with them. Stoppard began the 21st century with "The Coast of Utopia" (2002), an epic trilogy about pre-revolutionary Russian intellectuals, and drew on his own background for "Rock'n'roll" (2006), which contrasted the fates of the 1960s counterculture in Britain and in Communist Czechoslovakia. And over and over again I think you get that sense of loss and longing in these very funny, witty plays." That was especially true of his late play "Leopoldstadt," which drew on his own family's story for the tale of a Jewish Viennese family over the first half of the 20th century. Stoppard said he began thinking of his personal link to the Holocaust quite late in life, only discovering after his mother's death in 1996 that many members of his family, including all four grandparents, had died in concentration camps. "I wouldn't have written about my heritage - that's the word for it nowadays - while my mother was alive, because she'd always avoided getting into it herself," Stoppard told The New Yorker in 2022. "It would be misleading to see me as somebody who blithely and innocently, at the age of 40-something, thought, 'Oh, my goodness, I had no idea I was a member of a Jewish family,'" he said "Of course I knew, but I didn't know who they were. These included dystopian Terry Gilliam comedy "Brazil" (1985), Steven Spielberg-directed war drama "Empire of the Sun" (1987), Elizabethan romcom "Shakespeare in Love" (1998) - for which he and Marc Norman shared a best adapted screenplay Oscar - code breaking thriller "Enigma" (2001) and Russian epic "Anna Karenina" (2012). He also wrote and directed a 1990 film adaptation of "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead," and translated numerous works into English, including plays by dissident Czech writer Václav Havel, who became the country's first post-Communist president.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/29/northwestern-agreement-trump-funding-freeze-ends/
Article: Northwestern University has become the sixth school to reach a deal with the Trump administration in an agreement that ends federal investigations into allegations of unlawful discrimination, race-based admissions and fostering a hostile educational environment for Jewish students. Northwestern’s deal is the second-highest sum that will be paid directly to the Trump administration, which has enacted a forceful campaign across the country to demand sweeping changes in higher education. Northwestern interim president Henry Bienen said Northwestern chose to negotiate an agreement because the “cost of a legal fight was too high and the risks too grave.” “If our frozen federal research funding had continued, it threatens to gut our labs, drive away faculty and set back entire fields of discovery,” Bienen said in a video message. We expect now overdue payments and frozen renewals to resume quickly.” In announcing the deal, Bienen noted that it explicitly states that Northwestern admits no wrongdoing and will keep its academic autonomy. White House officials did not directly pressure Schill to step down, but the federal government’s pressure on the school broadly played a part in his decision, The Washington Post previously reported. Under the deal, Northwestern will also terminate the “Deering Meadow Agreement,” an April 2024 pledge that university officials struck with pro-Palestinian student groups in exchange for ending their tent encampment on campus. It will also instruct its Feinberg School of Medicine to not conduct gender-affirming surgeries on minors, though Northwestern said it has never performed these operations and will continue to “support transgender members of our community.” As part of the agreement, the U.S. Education Secretary Linda McMahon called the deal a “huge win for current and future Northwestern students, alumni, faculty, and for the future of American higher education.” Terms have varied widely among the schools that have reached agreements with the Trump administration.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/fda-covid-vaccines-children-deaths-rcna246437
Article: The director of the Food and Drug Administration’s vaccine division told agency staff in a memo that an internal review found that at least 10 children died “after and because of receiving” the Covid vaccine. In it, Prasad claims that agency staff determined that “no fewer than 10” of 96 child deaths reported to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, or VAERS, between 2021 and 2024 were “related” to Covid vaccination. Experts push back Experts who reviewed the memo say it is misusing information from VAERS, an unverified reporting system that allows anyone, including doctors, patients and caregivers, to submit entries about adverse events they believe are linked to vaccines. Paul Offit, a pediatrician and the director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, calling the memo “irresponsible” and “dangerous.” “This is a profound revelation,” Prasad wrote in the memo. FDA will acknowledge that COVID-19 vaccines have killed American children.” Prasad suggests that the child deaths were tied to myocarditis, an inflammation of the heart muscle, but doesn’t include evidence to support the claim. earlier this year, said the agency is misusing the database and the claims are right out of what he calls the “anti-vaccine playbook.” The FDA uses the database to look for early “signals” — patterns that might suggest a possible safety issue, Marks told NBC News. “The climate within the agency is incredibly toxic right now.” Proposed changes The memo uses highly ideological language, repeatedly characterizing Covid vaccine requirements for schools and employers as “coercive,” calling past agency decisions “dishonest,” and arguing that vaccine regulation “may have harmed more children than we saved.” At one point, Prasad instructs staff who disagree with his conclusions to resign. He said the agency would revisit how annual flu shots are evaluated, calling the current process an “evidence-based catastrophe of low quality evidence.” He also said pneumonia vaccine makers “will have to show their products reduce pneumonia (at least in the post-market setting), and not merely generate antibody titers.” He also claimed the Biden administration dismissed early safety concerns, and criticized former Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Rochelle Walensky for what he described as “dishonest and manipulative” public comments. Earlier this year, the FDA and CDC limited who is eligible to get a Covid vaccine this fall and winter, focusing on people 65 and older and those with medical conditions that put them at increased risk of severe illness. Kennedy, an anti-vaccine activist, has downplayed the benefits of vaccines and has singled out vaccines made with mRNA as particularly dangerous, calling the mRNA Covid vaccine “the deadliest vaccine ever made.” In September, FDA Commissioner Marty Makary told CNN that the agency was looking into the deaths of healthy children from the Covid shots.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crmdn0v8l2po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Terminally ill boy gets final wish to meet Santa 1 hour ago Share Save Lynette Horsburgh North West Share Save Family photograph Santa and friends visited Jacob and his family following a social media appeal A terminally ill boy's wish to see Santa for a final time has come true after an "amazing" response to his mum's social media appeal. Family photograph Jacob's mum Gemma said she was "bombarded" with messages offering help Gemma, who described her son as giggly and cheeky, said he had "brought us so much joy". She said the opportunity to see Santa one last time before he moved into his "forever home" would delight him and allow him "to make precious memories" with his two brothers. "Thank you to Paula Blair at Kirkby's Christmas Crusade and AC Mascots for coming and making such a hard time bearable." 'Precious time' Gemma said the palliative team at the hospice had supported him and "been incredible and guided us every step of the way". Her post on Facebook read: "My wish is for my boys to make as many memories as they can together as time is precious as their middle brother is terminally ill."

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17219237/troy-nehls-retiring-congress-texas-republican-delegation
Article: Nehls, a fervent supporter of President Donald Trump, said in a news release that he called Trump before making his decision to “personally let him know of my plans.” “President Trump has always been a strong ally for our district and a true friend, and I wanted him to hear it from me first,” he said. It also comes as the makeup of Texas’ 38 congressional districts remains in limbo, after a panel of federal judges blocked the state from using a new map gerrymandered to give Republicans up to five additional seats. Earlier this month, Nehls joined with the rest of Texas’ GOP congressional delegation in voting to require the Justice Department to publish its files related to the deceased sex offender Jeffery Epstein, days after he advocated for concealing them. Before joining Congress, Nehls spent nearly 30 years in various law enforcement roles — including two terms as Fort Bend County sheriff — and served 21 years in the U.S. “Thank you for your trust, your friendship, and your prayers.” Nehls serves on the House Judiciary Committee and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, under which he chairs the Subcommittee on Aviation.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/29/nx-s1-5624991/thanksgiving-travel-winter-storm
Article: A major winter storm disrupts travel as millions head home after Thanksgiving toggle caption Jared McNett/Sioux City Journal via AP A winter storm is creating travel headaches through a large part of the country as millions make their way home from the Thanksgiving holiday. The storm in the central and northern Plains will spread over to the Midwest and Great Lakes regions over the weekend with "widespread heavy snowfall and hazardous travel conditions," the National Weather Services (NWS) said on Saturday. Winter storm warnings and advisories are in effect from South Dakota to portions of Ohio — with the storm already dropping up to 8 inches of snow in some places since Thursday, according to the NWS. "The combination of heavy snow rates along with gusty winds will create dangerous travel conditions due to limited visibility and snow-covered roadways." More than 800 flights leaving and coming to Chicago O'Hare International Airport were cancelled on Saturday, according to FlightAware. Car crashes related to the winter storm were also reported, with the Missouri State Highway Patrol posting on social media Saturday morning that it was investigating at least nine crashes in the central part of the state. "As snow makes its way across Missouri, continue to delay your travel in the heaviest weather impacted areas, if possible," the Missouri Department of Transportation said in a social media post. Sponsor Message A new storm system forecast to develop Monday will spread to the East Coast on Tuesday, bringing heavy snow to the northern mid-Atlantic and New England, including Pennsylvania and Maine. "And also, if you get far enough north, areas getting snow, that'll be accumulating." Weather-related delays are also coinciding with disruptions caused by mandatory software upgrades to Airbus A320 aircraft.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/tom-stoppard-celebrated-british-playwright-dies-aged-88?traffic_source=rss
Article: “He will be remembered for his works, for their brilliance and humanity, and for his wit, his irreverence, his generosity of spirit and his profound love of the English language,” they said. “It was an honor to work with Tom and to know him.” When it comes to the world of comic invention and linguistic pyrotechnics, few dramatists of the 20th century could match Stoppard’s scope and sustained success. From his earliest hit, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead, in 1966, through to 1993’s, Arcadia, and, Leopoldstadt, in 2020, Stoppard engaged and amused theatre-goers with a highly individual brand of intellect. “I want to demonstrate that I can make serious points by flinging a custard pie around the stage for a couple of hours,” the Czech-born Stoppard said in a 1970s interview. But it is not just a children’s playground; it can be recreation for people who like to stretch their minds.” Early years Stoppard was born Tomas Straussler on July 3, 1937, in what was then Czechoslovakia, the son of Eugen Straussler, a doctor, and Marta (or Martha), nee Beckova, who had trained as a nurse. Award-winning career His breakthrough came with the overnight success at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe of, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead, a tragicomedy centred around two minor characters from Shakespeare’s, Hamlet. Tired of being asked, Stoppard is said to have replied to a woman outside a theatre on Broadway: “It’s about to make me very rich.” He later questioned whether he had said “very”, Hermione Lee wrote in Stoppard’s authorised biography, but he had undoubtedly managed to transform his previously precarious finances. “He has no apparent animus towards anyone or anything,” said film and theatre director Mike Nichols, who directed the Broadway premiere of Stoppard’s tale of marriage and affairs, The Real Thing.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/ryan-wedding-fbi-seizes-13-million-mercedes-clk-gtr-roadster-connected-former-olympian-turned-alleged-drug-kingpin/18224006/
Article: FBI seizes $13 million car connected to former Olympian turned alleged drug kingpin The seizure of the rare 2002 Mercedes CLK-GTR Roadster is part of the ongoing manhunt for Ryan Wedding, the alleged drug kingpin and former Canadian Olympic snowboarder. SEE ALSO: Former Olympian turned alleged drug kingpin accused of ordering killing of witness Ryan Wedding, a former Olympic snowboarder accused of running a drug trafficking network, is facing additional charges in connection with the killing of a federal witness. "Ryan Wedding has orchestrated murders against his rivals, against cooperating witnesses, against anybody that crosses his path," said Akil Davis, the assistant director in charge of the FBI in Los Angeles.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c87ld73xyx0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Dozens arrested at pro-Palestine demonstrations 29 minutes ago Share Save Share Save BBC Avon and Somerset Police made 31 arrests in Bristol city centre Dozens of protesters have been arrested under the Terrorism Act at a series of pro-Palestine demonstrations held across England. "But we will take appropriate action where people are breaching the law by showing support for proscribed organisations." Greater Manchester Police said it had detainted 34 protesters in St Peter's Square for suspected terror offences. PA Thousands of demonstrators marched in London at a separate rally organised by Palestine Coalition In Bristol, demonstrators congregated at College Green and 30 people were arrested on suspicion of displaying articles in support of a proscribed organisation.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/11/29/nx-s1-5624998/fda-vaccines-covid-children-safety
Article: FDA to raise hurdles for vaccines, faulting COVID shots for 10 kids' deaths toggle caption JHVEPhoto/iStock Editorial/Getty Images The Food and Drug Administration intends to get tougher on vaccine approvals, as top officials raised concerns about the risk of COVID vaccines for children. Speaking on Fox News Saturday morning, FDA Commissioner Marty Makary said the agency would no longer "rubber-stamp new products that don't work," claiming it made a "mockery of science." Makary's comments came the day after FDA's top vaccine regulator, Dr. Vinay Prasad , told his team the agency would change its annual flu vaccine framework, update vaccine labels to be "honest," and make other changes to how it reviews vaccines, according to contents of an internal email reviewed by NPR and reported on first by a PBS News Hour correspondent and later by The Washington Post. Sponsor Message The changes could make it much more difficult and expensive for vaccines to get approved, further limiting the availability of vaccines, which are considered among the safest and most effective tools for protecting people against infectious diseases. FDA says an analysis links COVID shots to some deaths Makary said on Fox News that 10 children had died from the COVID shot during the Biden administration, but did not offer specifics about how the FDA came to that conclusion. Officials with the Department of Health and Human Services and Food and Drug Administration didn't immediately respond to requests for comment on the COVID analysis and changes to vaccine review standards. According to the FDA email from Prasad, he told the agency's biostatistics and pharmacovigilance team to analyze 96 reported deaths from 2021 to 2024, and they determined 10 children died "after and because of" the COVID vaccine. Paul Offit, who directs the Vaccine Education Center at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia , said in a text message that Prasad has not shared the evidence that these vaccines killed 10 children. Jesse Goodman, a professor at Georgetown University who held Prasad's job at FDA from 2003 until 2009, said in an email that the FDA's Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, which oversees vaccine approval, has been "recognized globally as a gold standard regulator." Goodman defended "immunologic endpoints like antibody levels" for the accelerated approval of pneumonia and influenza vaccines. He said science supports their use and they are confirmed with studies after approval: "These approaches have helped provide children and adults with timely access to safe and effective vaccines, saving many lives." Michael Osterholm , an epidemiologist at the University of Minnesota, reviewed the email from Prasad and challenged his statement that "COVID-19 was never highly lethal for children." Osterholm also questioned the FDA's latest analysis of adverse event reports attributing the 10 deaths to COVID vaccines. "Prasad's email is filled with factual mistakes and misrepresents both the severity of COVID in children (1597 deaths in 2020-2022) and how the US responded to the first signals of possible vaccine-associated pediatric deaths in May 2021," Osterholm wrote in an email to NPR. "While Prasad's email notes 10 such deaths, these cases have never been presented for review by the medical and public health communities or published in the medical literature," Osterholm continued. "Given the record of this Administration to misrepresent scientific data regarding vaccines, until these cases have been reviewed by an expert third party, like the National Academy of Science[s], we can not accept the fact they are vaccine-associated deaths." Sponsor Message Surveillance system collects vaccines reports The FDA makes public data from the VAERS surveillance system co-sponsored by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. But FDA cautions , "it is important to note that for any reported event, no cause and effect relationship has been established." In his email, Prasad wrote that "with case reports, causality is typically assessed on a subjective scale. In this scale ranging from certain to unlikely -- certain, possible/likely, and probable are broadly considered as related to the product." Makary said on Fox News that when the COVID shot was first rolled out, it was "amazing" for people at high risk of coming down with severe disease, but things have changed. "Back in 2020, we saw a reduction in the severity of illness and lives saved, but now recommending that a 6-year-old girl get another 70 million COVID shots – one each year for the rest of her life – is not based on science. And so we're not going to just rubber stamp approvals without seeing some scientific evidence." The claim is the latest move by Trump administration health officials questioning the safety and effectiveness of vaccines and how the government has regulated them. CDC committee will meet to review vaccine policies The FDA email on vaccine policy comes just before the CDC convenes a crucial two-day meeting of that agency's influential Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices on Dec. Sponsor Message Asked about Makary and Prasad's claims that the COVID vaccine caused deaths among 10 children, Moderna, whose COVID vaccine is approved for children as young as 6 months old, pointed to a statement it made in September . The company says that multiple published, peer-reviewed studies from a variety of sources show its shot is safe and that it is "not aware of any deaths in the last year or pertinent new information from prior years." Moderna says it monitors its vaccine's safety along with regulators in more than 90 countries.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/clydngvnwdpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Manchester City midfielder Phil Foden said he wanted "to prove to myself that I can still score goals" after his double guided Pep Guardiola's side past Leeds United and into second place in the Premier League. The 25-year-old scored the first of his two goals just 59 seconds into the game - the earliest league goal for City at Etihad Stadium since David Silva's strike after 52 seconds against Watford in September 2019. And, after Leeds scored twice in the second half to shock Pep Guardiola's side and draw level, Foden struck in the 91st minute to secure the victory that helped his side keep pace with leaders Arsenal, who are now four points ahead. "I was so hungry to play today, not to prove to anyone else but to prove to myself that I can still score goals," Foden told Sky Sports after the victory. "I've been a bit frustrated and it was in the back of my mind to put it right and I was delighted to put two away today." Before Saturday, the England international had scored just once this Premier League season - in the 3-0 derby win against Manchester United on 14 September. Foden's most productive season at City came in 2023-24 when he had 19 goals before scoring seven last season - six of them coming in four games at the start of 2025. However, he struck twice in the 4-1 home win against Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League earlier this month before keeping his purple patch going against Leeds in a match that saw momentum swing multiple times. Really happy with it but there are still things we can improve." City, who were beaten at Newcastle in their previous match, will hope Arsenal drop points at Chelsea on Sunday as they look to remain within touching distance of Mikel Arteta's Gunners.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/pope-visits-istanbuls-blue-mosque-without-praying-as-he-focuses-on-christian-unity
Article: ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) — Pope Leo XIV visited Istanbul’s iconic Blue Mosque on Saturday but didn’t stop to pray, as he focused more on bolstering ties with Orthodox patriarchs and promoting courageous steps for Eastern and Western churches to be united. READ MORE: Pope joins Eastern and Western patriarchs at historic Christian site in Turkey to pray for unity Leo took his shoes off and, in his white socks, toured the 17th-century mosque, looking up at its soaring tiled domes and the Arabic inscriptions on its columns as an imam pointed them out to him. Later, Vatican spokesman Matteo Bruni said: “The pope experienced his visit to the mosque in silence, in a spirit of contemplation and listening, with deep respect for the place and the faith of those who gather there in prayer.” Leo, history’s first American pope, was following in the footsteps of his recent predecessors, who all made high-profile visits to the Sultan Ahmed Mosque, as it is officially known, in a gesture of respect to Turkey’s Muslim majority. Papal visits to Blue Mosque often raise questions But the visits have always raised questions about whether the pope would pray in the Muslim house of worship, or at the very least pause to gather thoughts in a meditative silence. When Pope Benedict XVI visited Turkey in 2006, tensions were high because Benedict had offended many in the Muslim world a few months earlier with a speech in Regensburg, Germany that was widely interpreted as linking Islam and violence. There were no doubts in 2014 when Pope Francis visited the Blue Mosque: He stood for two minutes of silent prayer facing east, his head bowed, eyes closed and hands clasped in front of him. The Grand Mufti of Istanbul, Rahmi Yaran, told the pope afterwards, “May God accept it.” With Leo, though, even the Vatican seemed caught off guard by his decision not to pray. Speaking to reporters after the visit, the imam Tunca said he had told the pope: “It’s not my house, not your house, (it’s the) house of Allah.” He said he invited Leo to worship “But he said, ‘That’s OK.’” “He wanted to see the mosque, wanted to feel (the) atmosphere of the mosque, I think. “It is our shared desire to continue the process of exploring a possible solution for celebrating together the Feast of Feasts every year,” the joint statement said, referring to Easter. The Vatican said in his remarks to the patriarchs gathered, Leo pointed to the next Holy Year to be celebrated by Christians, in 2033 on the anniversary of Christ’s crucifixion, and invited them to go to Jerusalem on “a journey that leads to full unity.” Leo’s final event was a Catholic Mass in Istanbul’s Volkswagen Arena for the country’s Catholic community, who number 33,000 in a country of more than 85 million people, most of whom are Sunni Muslim. Her friend, Rodrick Nuel, originally from Nigeria’s Biafra region but now living in northern Cyprus, said the papal visit sent a “a powerful message for the global Christian community.” “Also, as Turkey is 99.9% Muslim and just 0.1% Christian, it shows the pope is reaching out to other religions as well,” he added.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/palestinian-death-toll-surpasses-70000-since-start-of-israel-hamas-war-gaza-ministry-says
Article: DEIR AL-BALAH, Gaza Strip (AP) — The Palestinian death toll has surpassed 70,000 since the Israel-Hamas war began, Gaza’s Health Ministry said Saturday, while a hospital said that Israeli fire killed two Palestinian children in the territory’s south. Staff at Nasser Hospital, which received the bodies of the children in southern Gaza, said the brothers, ages 8 and 11, died when an Israeli drone struck close to a school sheltering displaced people in the town of Beni Suhaila. READ MORE: Israeli forces kill at least 13 people in raid on Syrian village, officials and residents say Israel also has escalated strikes in Lebanon, saying it’s targeting Hezbollah sites and asserting that the militant group is attempting to rearm. Hezbollah called on Pope Leo XIV to “reject injustice and aggression,” in reference to the near-daily Israeli strikes, despite a ceasefire that ended the 14-month war between the two sides a year ago. In the Israeli-occupied West Bank, Israeli soldiers were accused by Palestinians of executing two men on Thursday after footage aired by two Arab television stations showed troops shooting the men after they appeared to surrender.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/pope-leo-visits-blue-mosque-in-turkiyes-istanbul?traffic_source=rss
Article: Pope Leo XIV has visited Istanbul’s famed Blue Mosque on the third day of his trip to Turkiye, his first known visit as leader of the Catholic Church to a Muslim place of worship. The first US pope bowed slightly before entering the mosque early on Saturday and was led on a tour of the expansive complex, able to hold 10,000 worshippers, by its imam and the mufti of Istanbul. Leo, walking in white socks, smiled during the 20-minute visit and joked with one of his guides, the mosque’s lead muezzin – the official who leads the daily calls to prayer. “He wanted to see the mosque, he wanted to feel the atmosphere of the mosque, and he was very pleased,” Askin Tunca, the Blue Mosque’s muezzin who calls the faithful to prayer, told reporters. Tunca said after the mosque visit that he asked Leo during the tour if he wished to pray for a moment, but the pope said he preferred to just visit the mosque. The Vatican said in a statement immediately after the visit that Leo undertook the tour “in a spirit of reflection and listening, with deep respect for the place and for the faith of those who gather there in prayer”. As the group was leaving the building, the pope noticed he was being guided out a door that is usually an entryway, where a sign says: “No exit.” “It says no exit,” Leo said, smiling. Tunca responded: “You don’t have to go out, you can stay here.” Advertisement The pope is visiting Turkiye until Sunday on his first overseas trip as pontiff, which also includes a visit to Lebanon. Leo, a relative unknown on the world stage before becoming pope in May, is being closely watched as he makes his first speeches overseas and interacts for the first time with people outside mainly Catholic Italy. Unlike his predecessors, Leo did not visit the nearby Hagia Sophia, the legendary sixth-century basilica built during the Byzantine Empire, which was converted into a mosque under the Ottoman Empire, then became a museum under Turkiye’s newly established republic. But in 2020, the UNESCO World Heritage site was converted back into a mosque in a move that drew international condemnation, including from the late Pope Francis who said he was “very saddened”.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cy847x43jz3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: And with City visibly struggling to cope with the changes just before Lukas Nmecha levelled, home goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma went down to receive treatment, allowing boss Pep Guardiola to call his players to the touchline and issue fresh instructions in the two minutes play was stopped for. "If we don't educate our players in football what to do in terms of fair play and sportsmanship and whatever and if we just try to bend the rules and even do a fake injury in order to do an additional team talk, it is not what I like personally. But if it is within the rules I can't complain." Foden's stoppage-time winner condemned Leeds to a sixth defeat in seven Premier League fixtures to leave them 18th in the Premier League, with only bottom club Wolves having scored fewer top-flight goals this term.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/protesters-arrested-nyc-ice-related-activity-chinatown/story?id=127968220
Article: Protesters arrested in NYC over possible ICE-related activity near Chinatown A person is detained by NYPD as immigration activists block a garage used by ICE vans during a protest against a purported ICE raid on Canal Street, on Nov. Stephanie Keith/Getty Images While the NYPD declined to comment on any possible activity by federal agents, it said in a statement that officers "observed multiple people blocking the street and were told multiple times to disperse but they did not comply." NYPD responds as immigration activists block a garage used by ICE vans during a protest against a purported ICE raid on Canal Street, on Nov.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/29/alphabet-is-among-the-most-overbought-stocks-on-wall-street-here-are-the-others.html
Article: We used the CNBC Pro stock screener to find companies in the S & P 500 that rallied this week and now have a 14-day relative strength index, or RSI, above 70. Take a look at the basket of stocks that made the overbought list this week: Big Tech's latest favorite Alphabet is now considered overbought with a 14-day RSI of 72.2. Wall Street has piled into Alphabet as doubts swirl about the viability of OpenAI's funding strategies and the strength of ChatGPT compared to Gemini, particularly after the lackluster ChatGPT-5 release in August. "Some investors are petrified that Alphabet will win the AI war due to huge improvements in its Gemini AI model and ongoing benefits from its custom TPU chip," Melius Research analyst Ben Reitzes wrote to clients in a Nov. the benefits of Gemini 3 are being deployed immediately to help Search within AI Mode, which also helps alleviate concerns in the core business." GOOGL 1Y mountain Alphabet stock performance over the past year. The retailer's strong second-quarter performance and guidance led analysts from firms such as TD Cowen and Telsey Advisory Group to raise their price targets on the stock earlier this month.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cx25q20831no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It is a waste of England's time." It was a harsh assesment after such a dazzling display - which the 74,611 inside Wembley Stadium no doubt enjoyed - but could Wiegman have given more minutes to some of England's unfamiliar stars? Former England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley told BBC Radio 5 Live Sports Extra 2: "I think the opportunity may have been missed to start a few more debutants or give players more caps - maybe make some changes a bit sooner. "This felt more like an opportunity for the fans to come and see the players as opposed to anything they are really going to glean from a tactical point of view." Lucia Kendall impressed on her debut in a 3-0 win over Australia last month so to experience a sold-out Wembley from the start would have been invaluable. "I think with the World Cup in 2027, we need to know that there are players who can come through and make the step up." These friendlies are the opportunity to do that. It is rare that Wiegman does not have pressure on her shoulders and England, while an 8-0 win should be applauded, does not have much to gain when connections are being strengthened between players who may not feature in two years' time.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/29/nx-s1-5624964/northwestern-trump-funding-settlement
Article: Northwestern settles with Trump administration in $75M deal to regain federal funding toggle caption Teresa Crawford/AP Northwestern University has agreed to a $75 million payout to the Trump administration to settle a discrimination investigation into the school and to restore federal funding that had been frozen throughout the inquest, the Justice Department announced on Friday. "Today's settlement marks another victory in the Trump Administration's fight to ensure that American educational institutions protect Jewish students and put merit first," Attorney General Pam Bondi said in a statement. "Institutions that accept federal funds are obligated to follow civil rights law — we are grateful to Northwestern for negotiating this historic deal." Northwestern is one of several schools ensnared in President Trump's campaign against university policies he has decried as "woke." Sponsor Message Specifically, the Illinois private school was one of 60 colleges the Education Department accused of shirking their obligations to "protect Jewish students on campus, including uninterrupted access to campus facilities and educational opportunities" amid heated university protests against the war in Gaza. The private Ivy League university said the settlement did not come "at the cost of compromising our values or independence." Per the agreement, Northwestern will pay out the $75 million over time through 2028 and "shall maintain clear policies and procedures relating to demonstrations, protests, displays, and other expressive activities, as well as implement mandatory antisemitism training for all students, faculty, and staff," according to the DOJ. Sponsor Message "The reforms reflect bold leadership at Northwestern, and they are a roadmap for institutional leaders around the country that will help rebuild public trust in our colleges and universities," she added. An explainer posted to the university's website said that the school decided to negotiate an agreement rather than take a chance in court, calling the cost of a legal fight "too high and the risks too grave." Northwestern's Bienen said in a video statement that the school would retain its academic freedom and autonomy from the federal government. I would not have signed anything that would have given the federal government any say in who we hire, what they teach, who we admit or what they study," Bienen said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/corbyns-new-party-faces-crisis-as-cofounder-skips-first-day-of-conference?traffic_source=rss
Article: Corbyn had called for members to “come together” at the opening of the conference on Saturday, with the party seeking to move on from a messy launch and become a viable left-wing challenger to the governing Labour Party. “As a party, we’ve got to come together and be united because division and disunity will not serve the interests of the people that we want to represent,” Corbyn told the conference in the northwestern English city of Liverpool. A few hours later, a spokesperson for Sultana said that she would not enter the conference hall on Saturday in protest at one of her supporters being denied entry to the event and several others being expelled from the party over alleged membership of the far-left Socialist Workers Party. “I’m disappointed to see on the morning of our founding conference, people who have travelled from all over the country, spent a lot of money on their train fare, on hotels, on being able to participate in this conference, being told that they have been expelled,” she told UK’s Press Association news agency. “That is a culture that is reminiscent of the Labour Party, how there were witch hunts on the eve of conference, how members were treated with contempt.” Corbyn, 76, and Sultana, 32, both former Labour MPs, have been in frequent dispute since they announced the party in July. This is the latest blow for a party hoping to make gains on the left as British politics fractures into a multiparty system and Labour moves rightward on some issues. Two of the four independent MPs who initially signed up later quit over the divisions, which have included a row over a botched membership launch and threats of legal action.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/slender-man-stabber-made-close-new-friend-ran-away-together-rcna245725
Article: The day after Morgan Geyser cut off her ankle monitor and fled her group home, Illinois police unknowingly found her crouched against a wall at a truck stop two hours away Sunday night. Huddled next to her friend, Geyser told officers that she was worried about being separated from 43-year-old Chad Mecca, who was shaking from the cold and occasionally struggling to speak. The pair evaded questions about their identity as Geyser told officers that she had done “something really wrong.” Geyser, 23, later “suggested that officers could ‘just Google’ her name” to find out who she is, according to the Posen Police Department incident report. An internet search would reveal that 11 years prior, Geyser stabbed her sixth-grade classmate, Payton Leutner, more than a dozen times with a kitchen knife to appease the fictional horror character “Slender Man” while their other friend, Anissa Weier, watched. Though she had been sentenced to a maximum of 40 years in a mental institution, Geyser had just been granted conditional release in January after spending seven years at the Winnebago Mental Health Institute in Wisconsin. Waukesha County District Attorney Lesli Boese told reporters Monday that the state would have to decide whether to file a petition to revoke Geyser’s conditional release, a move they would support, she said. The Dane County District Attorney Ismael Ozanne said on Monday that they had not received a referral regarding Geyser’s case, but may receive one from the Madison Police Department “at some point.” An attorney for Geyser did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Michael Sears / Pool via AP Weier, who did not stab Leutner but was accused of “egging” Geyser on, pleaded guilty in 2017 to being a party to attempted second-degree homicide and was sentenced to 25 years in a mental hospital. Waukesha County Circuit Judge Michael Bohren upheld the conditional release plan in March after some objection from the district attorney’s office, which had concerns that Geyser had sent violent artwork to a man. “I don’t find that in and of itself a reason to find she’s at risk for herself or at risk to harm the community in a conditional release plan,” he said, adding that just because she participated in the contact “doesn’t mean she encouraged it.” Bohren also said that the group home would, in some ways, be “more strict” than being institutionalized, given the “substantial supervision” Geyser would be under. A letter filed by Cotton in August said that a home in Sun Prairie declined to take Geyser due to the “publicity surrounding the placement.” Disappearance from the group home Police say Geyser was last seen around Kroncke Drive at 8 p.m. the next day, she was found at the truck stop more than 165 miles away in Illinois with Mecca, who was also arrested and charged with criminal trespass and obstructing identification, according to the Posen Police Department. Geyser told officers that she met Mecca at a Wisconsin church a couple of months ago and that she was upset Mecca was unable to visit her at the group home, according to the Posen police incident report. Geyser alleged that she was treated poorly at the home, and that Mecca visited her there on multiple occasions by “climbing her window and sneaking in.” The Wisconsin Department of Health Services said it could not comment on Geyser, who is being treated at one of its facilities, because of patient privacy protections. Body camera footage from Sunday night showed Geyser pleading with officers not to separate her from Mecca, asking if they would at least promise to let her say goodbye to Mecca “no matter what I did.” Geyser told officers in the footage that Mecca is transgender and repeatedly refers to Mecca using “she” and “her” pronouns. One officer flipped through the journal and read out the words “homeless couple’s guidebook.” Mecca told ABC affiliate WKOW that they prefer to go by the name “Charly” and that Geyser ran away because of the visitation restrictions.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd9zq4xn543o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Fifty patients and their immediate family members are now receiving care in surroundings that are safe and welcoming." In October the prince unveiled a global memorial for humanitarian aid workers where he delivered a speech on humanitarian values. After his visit to the Gazan children, a Palace spokesperson said: "The Prince wished to offer a moment of comfort to these young people who have endured experiences no child should ever face. "His Royal Highness was moved by the courage shown by the children and their families and by the dedication of the team who are supporting them with such professionalism and humanity." Israel launched a military operation in Gaza after Hamas-led militants based in the Palestinian territory attacked Israel on 7 October 2023, killing 1,200 people and abducting 251.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp39yw120kdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The Wiggles issue statement after appearing in Ecstasy music video Anthony Field, aka the Blue Wiggle, is one of the group's founding members The TikTok video was viewed more than 92,000 times before it was taken down, Australian media report. In the since-deleted clip for musician Keli Holiday's new song, Ecstasy, Blue Wiggle Anthony Field and his nephew Dominic Field, who plays the Tree of Wisdom, could be seen dancing in the background. Australian children's music group The Wiggles has issued a statement after two of its members were featured in a music video for a song that apparently alludes to drug use. "We understand that a video circulating on social media has caused concern for many parents and professionals, and we want to address that directly," the group said in a statement to The West Australian newspaper. "While Keli Holiday is a friend of The Wiggles, the video and the music added to it were created independently and without our knowledge." The clip was filmed at the TikTok Awards earlier this month where members of the band appeared on stage with Holiday - whose real name is Adam Hyde - during his song Dancing2. You and your pocket full of ecstasy." A spokesperson for The Wiggles told The West Australian newspaper that the band's performances at the awards had been "family-friendly" and that the video had been "edited together separately and without our awareness".

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/29/guinea-bissaus-deposed-president-travels-to-congos-brazzaville-reports?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media Guinea-Bissau’s former president, Umaro Sissoco Embalo, has travelled to the Republic of Congo, the AFP and Associated Press news agencies are reporting, days after he was deposed in a military coup. Embalo had initially sought refuge in neighbouring Senegal after a group of military officers on Wednesday announced that they had taken “full control” of Guinea-Bissau ahead of the release of provisional presidential election results. The coup has sparked a wave of international condemnation, with regional leaders and the United Nations calling on Guinea-Bissau’s new military leaders to restore constitutional order and allow the electoral process to complete its work. “The [electoral] commission must be able to declare the winner.” Many of Guinea-Bissau’s new military leaders are close to Embalo, including General Horta Inta-A, who was named as the transitional president earlier this week, and Ilidio Vieira Te, who was appointed prime minister.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-29/fresno-unified-changed-black-student-achievement-department-federal-funding
Article: The Trump administration’s threat to cut federal funds to schools with race-based programs and a discrimination lawsuit prompted the Fresno Unified School District to restructure its academic support department for Black students. “When we think about the threat and loss of $250 million, not only does it impact the students we’re serving in A4, but it impacts students across our entire district.” California Scholarship for Black students at UC San Diego rebranded after suit alleges discrimination A private foundation has rebranded a scholarship for Black students at UC San Diego after students and a right-leaning nonprofit organization sued the university saying it was discriminatory But Eric Payne, executive director of the Central Valley Urban Institute, a policy advocacy organization working in low-income communities, said the name change raises a “dangerous” question about whether equity is a priority for the district. Advertisement Addressing an achievement gap The history of A4 dates back to 2017, when 79% of Fresno Unified’s Black students failed to meet California’s reading standards, and 86% failed to reach math proficiency, according to the state’s assessment results. “I think for Black families in this community, that was seen as a win — a $4-million investment from the Fresno Unified school board that grew to a $12-million investment,” Payne said. Advertisement A4 academic support programs for elementary students were first implemented during summer and after school, before expanding to year-round services at over a dozen schools with the largest populations of Black, Latino, Afro-Latino, Hmong, Native American and Pacific Islander students. There were academic gains — 35% of students participating in the after-school reading program in the 2023-24 school year improved by at least one grade level, according to the department’s 2024 report. Advertisement A discrimination lawsuit In February, the Californians for Equal Rights Foundation filed a discrimination lawsuit on behalf of Fresno Unified families alleging non-Black students were excluded from A4 programs that they were either eligible for or would have benefited from. A federal judge in August dismissed the complaint, saying the foundation failed to establish key legal standards and made “no factual allegations that the members’ non-Black children were actually denied access to an A4 office program on the basis of race.” The foundation had until Wednesday to file an appeal of the dismissal. “That was true in the past, and I’m sure it’ll be true in the future going forward.” Still, the lawsuit and the Trump administration’s actions are reasons for the A4 restructuring, district leaders said. Among the changes, A4 will promote initiatives more broadly, including by combining middle and high school support programs that were named to target African American students into one narrowly focused program, the department said. They also suggested additional social-emotional support for students, more resources for families to use at home, support during students’ transition from K-12 to higher education systems, and for A4 to continue its operations.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cx2e9kekj7xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Fabian Schar, Sandro Tonali, Jacob Murphy and Anthony Gordon, who have all been big players for Howe, were among those left on the bench as a result, just a day after the Newcastle head coach insisted he had "no favourites". Rather than the six changes disrupting the side - as such tweaks ultimately did at West Ham earlier this month, when Newcastle looked strangely lethargic - the visitors felt the benefit of rotating. It is far from a coincidence that the recent return of Hall and fellow full-back Tino Livramento from injury has given Newcastle a new dimension down the flanks with their energy and creativity. And though Ramsdale had little to do on his first league start, after the under-fire Nick Pope missed out with a groin injury, the goalkeeper brought a calmness in possession on a night Newcastle used the ball much more effectively, completing 88% of their passes. "But, this time, even after we lost a bit of momentum in the game, we all stayed together, defended really well and it paid off." Newcastle have only conceded a measly four goals in the first half of league games this season, which should give Howe's side a greater platform.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-29/after-prop-50-san-diego-may-lose-its-only-republican-in-congress-as-democrats-target-issa
Article: Darrell Issa, a San Diego Republican, after California’s redistricting measure turned his reliably red district into a slightly blue one that will be a key swing race in next year’s midterm elections. A crowd of Democrats The more favorable odds have drawn a wide field of challengers, including Issa’s former opponent, Ammar Campa-Najjar, who lost to Issa in a previous version of the district in 2020, San Diego City Council Member Marni von Wilpert, and several contenders from the Coachella Valley. His current district will move entirely to Los Angeles and Orange County, so Calvert plans to run in the new 40th District in Riverside and Orange County against fellow Republican Rep. “These are three candidates who really know Palm Springs, but they’ve got to reach out to moderate, purplish voters and to know who San Diego voters are,” said Dan Rottenstreich, campaign manager for von Wilpert. Von Wilpert, a former prosecutor in the San Diego city attorney’s office, won her City Council seat in 2020, running against a Republican opponent in a conservative-leaning district, Rottenstreich said. “With these new lines, CA-48 becomes one of the most competitive races in America, and a must-win seat to flip the House,” von Wilpert said in a statement on election day. “I’m the only candidate in this race who’s proven I can win tough elections, flip red seats blue, and deliver results for working families.” Campa-Najjar, a Navy officer and former Obama campaign official, argues that his experience running against Issa in 2020 positions him to win Democratic and independent votes in the new district. I have great respect for them, but only one of us will win.” Although he lost in 2020, Campa-Najjar said he gained a foothold in the conservative district, getting more votes than expected in the majority Republican district. Advertisement Issa declined to answer questions from CalMatters, but in a statement he called Proposition 50 an “unprecedented purely partisan campaign that pitted neighbor against neighbor and divided the state as never before.” Despite that, Issa said he plans to run again: “I’m not going anywhere. I’ll continue to represent the people of California — regardless of their party or where they live.” The general election will reflect voters’ opinions about President Trump; historically the president’s party usually loses ground in the midterms. Advertisement “The southern shift of that district makes it more blue in terms of the democratic registrations, and the political leanings of the independents,” said Paul Mitchell, the political data expert who drew California’s new voting lines.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cx2e8444615o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Both Piastri and Mercedes' George Russell - who was second in the sprint and has qualified fourth for the grand prix - suffered tears in their front tyres before the end of the 19-lap sprint. He looked like a champion elect when his victory in the Dutch Grand Prix, in addition to Norris' retirement with a fuel-line failure, gave Piastri a 34-point lead in the championship. But Piastri has been on the podium only once since then, at the very next race, and a run of grands prix in which he has made mistakes and lacked pace have seen Norris wrest control of the title race from him. "So I think I've gained you know a lot of confidence back that when things are in the right place and when I'm in the rhythm that things can happen without needing to do anything special. "We'll try everything we can, try to have a good start, then try to look after our tyres a little bit better because the understeer that we have in the car is normally also not good on race pace for that, but we'll try to minimise the damage." As for how to wind down before the day on which he achieves his lifetime ambition, Norris said he was going to try to relax in his hotel room on Saturday night. I'm going to go home, get a spaghetti bolognese in, play some Counter-Strike, probably lose some Elo (ratings) and then go to bed." Other than that, he said, he would try to stay away from the media, "go and see my engineers, do some work, prepare the best I can.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/african-union-suspends-guinea-bissau-after-military-coup
Article: In a resolution adopted by the AU Peace and Security Council on Friday, the organization reiterated it has “zero tolerance on unconstitutional changes of government.” It moved to “immediately suspend the Republic of Guinea-Bissau from participating in all activities of the Union, its organs and institutions, until constitutional order is restored in the country.” READ MORE: Guinea-Bissau soldiers announce general as junta leader, cementing a coup days after election Speaking to The Associated Press on Saturday evening, former president Umaro Sissoco Embaló’s chief of staff said the ousted leader traveled to the Republic of the Congo overnight and arrived Saturday morning. Guinea-Bissau, one of the world’s poorest countries, has been dogged by coups and attempted coups since its independence from Portugal more than 50 years ago, including a coup attempt in October. Following the coup, the military high command in the West African nation inaugurated former army chief of staff Inta-a, as the head of the military government, which will oversee a one-year transition period, according to a declaration broadcast on state television.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/protesters-block-federal-agents-leaving-parking-garage-nyc-raid-rcna246474
Article: Several protesters were arrested in New York City after they blocked streets and exits in an apparent attempt to prevent federal agents from carrying out an immigration raid, according to police and video footage from the scene. Some officers were uniformed NYPD officers and some had face coverings and vests that said “Police Federal Officer.” Several protesters and officers were seen pushing against each other and the metal fences. Some protesters at the parking garage carried signs that said “Stop the Deportations” and “ICE out of New York.” A speaker in the background said: “This is the New York City Police Department. If you do so voluntarily, no charges will be placed against you.” Other footage showed police officers on foot ahead of a long line of law enforcement vehicles, trying to clear the street of dozens of people.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8e97kl240lo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: More than 70,000 killed in Gaza since Israel offensive began, Hamas-run health ministry says 35 minutes ago Share Save James Cook Jerusalem Share Save Anadolu via Getty Images A funeral was held at Gaza's Nasser Hospital for the two young boys killed in an Israeli strike on Saturday More than 70,000 Palestinians have been killed as a result of Israel's military campaign in Gaza, according to the territory's Hamas-run health ministry. The death toll has continued to rise since a ceasefire took effect on 10 October, with Israel carrying out air strikes for what it says are violations of the truce - while bodies continue to be recovered from under the rubble. Among those reportedly killed in an Israeli drone strike on Saturday were two young brothers, Fadi and Juma Abu Assi, whose family said they had been gathering firewood when they were killed.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c9891dey71wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: However, instead of booting it out of play, the Italian turned and tried to clear, but slipped as the ball skimmed off Harry Wilson and was controlled by Josh King King laid the ball off to Wales midfielder WIlson, who curled a shot into the goal from the touchline measured at 36.6 metres. "I heard some of our fans apparently booed the incident and booed after, which, in my opinion is completely unacceptable," the Dane told BBC Sport of the fans' reaction to his goalkeeper. Fair enough booing after the game, no problem, but when we are playing, we are supporting each other, we are behind each other going forward." Kenny Tete had given Fulham a fourth-minute lead before Wilson's strike - with Mohammed Kudus netting for Spurs in an improved second-half showing.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/russian-strikes-on-kyiv-kill-3-as-ukrainian-delegation-heads-to-u-s-for-talks-to-end-war
Article: KYIV, Ukraine (AP) — Russian drone and missile attacks in and around the Ukraine’s capital killed at least three people early Saturday, officials said, as the country’s representatives traveled to the U.S. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy wrote on X that the delegation, headed by national security chief Rustem Umerov, was on its way to “swiftly and substantively work out the steps needed to end the war.” A U.S. negotiator The Kyiv City Military Administration said two people were killed in the strikes on the capital, and a woman died, and eight were wounded in a combined missile and drone attack on the broader Kyiv region, according to the regional police. Zelenskyy announced Friday the resignation of his powerful chief of staff, Andrii Yermak, who was also the country’s lead negotiator in talks with the U.S, after anti-corruption investigators searched Yermak’s residence. The unprecedented search at the heart of Ukraine’s government was a blow to the Ukrainian leader, risking the disruption of his negotiating strategy at a time when Kyiv is under intense U.S. Macron’s office said the two leaders will “discuss the situation and the conditions for a just and lasting peace, in continuity with the Geneva discussions, the American plan, and in close coordination with our European partners.” In Russia, a major oil terminal near the port of Novorossiysk stopped operations Saturday after a strike by unmanned boats damaged one of its three mooring points, according to a statement from the Caspian Pipeline Consortium, or CPC, which owns the terminal. Meanwhile, Kyiv and its western allies say Russia is trying to cripple the Ukrainian power grid and deny civilians access to heat, light and running water for a fourth consecutive winter, in what Ukrainian officials call “weaponizing” the biting cold. A Ukrainian security service official from the SBU, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of their operations, said that Ukraine used domestically produced Sea Baby naval drones to strike two oil tankers in the Black Sea said to be part of Russia’s “shadow fleet” that evade sanctions.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/maduros-government-rejects-trumps-claim-of-closing-venezuelan-airspace
Article: (AP) — President Donald Trump on Saturday said that the airspace “above and surrounding” Venezuela should be considered as “closed in its entirety,” an assertion that raised more questions about the U.S. WATCH: Trump declares Venezuela’s airspace ‘closed’ after weeks of escalating tensions The White House did not respond to questions about what Trump posted on his Truth Social platform, and it was unclear whether he was announcing a new policy or simply reinforcing the messaging around his campaign against Maduro, which has involved multiple strikes in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean on small boats accused of ferrying drugs as well as a buildup of naval forces in the region. Venezuela’s government said it “forcefully rejects” Trump’s claim about closing the airspace and that it was a “colonial threat” intended to undermine the country’s “territorial integrity, aeronautical security and full sovereignty.” The Foreign Ministry said “such declarations constitute a hostile, unilateral and arbitrary act.” The statement also said that U.S. Following negotiations between the two governments, more than 13,000 Venezuelans have been deported to Venezuela this year on dozens of chartered flights, the latest of which arrived late Friday in Caracas, the capital, according to flight-tracking data. military strikes against vessels in the region after The Washington Post reported that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth issued a verbal order for all crew members to be killed as part of the Sept. Jack Reed, said in a joint statement late Friday that the committee “will be conducting vigorous oversight to determine the facts related to these circumstances.” Trump’s team has weighed both military and nonmilitary options with Venezuela, including covert action by the CIA.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/christmas-tree-mexico-carries-faces-loved-home-127960161
Article: Families of Mexico’s disappeared gathered at a cathedral near Mexico City to craft Christmas ornaments bearing the faces of their missing loved ones A Christmas tree in Mexico carries the faces of loved ones who never came home Sister Maria Elena cuts a photograph of a missing girl to paste on a Christmas ornament to hang on the Tree of Hope, during an event organized by the diocese of Ecatepec at the Church of the Sacred Heart of San Cristobal in Ecatepec, State of Mexico, Monday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ginnette Riquelme) Sister Maria Elena cuts a photograph of a missing girl to paste on a Christmas ornament to hang on the Tree of Hope, during an event organized by the diocese of Ecatepec at the Church of the Sacred Heart of San Cristobal in Ecatepec, State of Mexico, Monday, Nov. “It’s been too hard and I have not been able to set up a tree,” said Rosas, who recently met with other grieving relatives to make Christmas ornaments in remembrance of missing loved ones. “Thirteen years have passed and we can’t make authorities do their jobs.” She said her children were little when her mother vanished, and juggling motherhood while searching for her took a toll. “But as I searched for her, I forgot about my children.” Rizo believes her father was responsible for her mother’s disappearance in a country where at least 10 women or girls are killed because of their gender every day. “I could see happy people pouring out of shopping centers while I was posting flyers, dragging my sorrow.” Rizo's daughter, now 17, joined her in crafting round ornaments at the Ecatepec cathedral. “This is not the place where I would have wished to see a picture of my mom.” In some cases, relatives of the disappeared have been dismayed by lack of support from religious leaders. “I remember when I arrived in a church five years ago, requesting a Mass for my daughter, and I was told ‘We don’t celebrate Mass for disappeared people,’” said Jaqueline Palmeros, who recently found her child’s remains in Mexico City. “If we failed to receive you with the care you needed, if we did not pray as you asked us to, please forgive us.” Rosas attended the meeting alongside members of an ecumenical group that has offered spiritual shelter for years. “The voice of the disappeared, of those who have perished, needs to resound and say ‘no more.’” Rosas treasures his blessings and regards all members of the church circle as friends. “In that way, all families could get this constant presence of the church and the hope that we carry within our hearts.” ___ Associated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/land-mine-explosion-wounded-chinese-man-cambodia-thailand-127960427
Article: A land mine has injured a Chinese man who was allegedly trying to cross illegally into Thailand from Cambodia FILE- Abbot Phut Analayo, right, and other monks and residents who fled clashes between Thai and Cambodian soldiers, take shelter in Surin province, Thailand, July 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit, File) FILE- Abbot Phut Analayo, right, and other monks and residents who fled clashes between Thai and Cambodian soldiers, take shelter in Surin province, Thailand, July 26, 2025. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit, File) BANGKOK -- A Chinese man allegedly attempting to cross illegally into Thailand from Cambodia was injured on Saturday when he stepped on a land mine, the Thai army announced, reiterating its charges that Cambodian forces have been planting the anti-personnel weapons in territory claimed by both countries. Winthai Suvaree was quoted as saying that the area where the incident took place, claimed by Thailand to be part of its eastern province of Sa Kaeo, “is contaminated with land mines that Thai authorities are in the process of clearing according to plan.” Statements posted online by the army did not give details of the injuries of the Chinese man, whom it identified as 26-year-old Shi Jingui from Yunnan Province. The Thai army said it became aware of Saturday's incident when Border Patrol Police head an explosion shortly before dawn and a drone was deployed to scout the situation, locating the injured man. Thailand earlier this month said it was indefinitely pausing implementation of the details of the U.S.-brokered ceasefire until Cambodia apologized for a mine explosion earlier this month that injured four Thai soldiers, included one who lost his right foot. Cambodia has repeatedly denied laying new mines and asserted they could be left over from decades of its internal armed struggles, which ended in 1999 with the official surrender of communist Khmer Rouge guerrillas. After the earlier blast earlier, Cambodia Defense Ministry spokesperson Maly Socheata said her country “remains committed to working closely with Thailand to promote peace and stability between the two countries, especially ensuring the security and safety of civilians.” Thai army spokesperson Winthai on Saturday said Cambodia “has not cooperated with Thailand in clearing mines along the shared border, despite Thailand’s repeated proposals in bilateral meetings."

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/archaeologist-racing-preserve-sudans-heritage-war-threatens-erase-127958795
Article: Archaeologist Shadia Abdrabo is working to create an online database of Sudan's archaeological sites and museum collections An archaeologist is racing to preserve Sudan's heritage as war threatens to erase its cultural past Archaeologist from Sudan's National Museum Dr Shadia Abdrabo, poses at her office at the French National Institute for Art History (INHA) in Paris, Wednesday, Oct. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) PARIS -- In a dimly lit office in a corner of the French National Institute for Art History, Sudanese archaeologist Shadia Abdrabo studies a photograph of pottery made in her country around 7,000 B.C. As the war between the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) and the Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) rages on, the curator from Sudan’s National Corporation for Antiquities and Museums (NCAM) is on a yearlong research grant in France with one mission: to build an online database of the African nation’s archaeological sites, museum collections and historical archives. She says two regional museums in El Geneina and Nyala were almost completely destroyed, while in Khartoum, the National Museum — which held an estimated 100,000 objects before the war — was ransacked by militias who posted videos online of their fighters inside the storeroom. The National Museum had pieces dating back to prehistoric times, including from the Kerma Kingdom and the Napatan era when Kushite kings ruled the region as well as from the Meroitic civilization that built Sudan’s pyramids. During that time, Abdrabo and her NCAM colleagues worked tirelessly to try and protect Sudan’s 11 museums and sites — some designated with UNESCO World Heritage status — moving pieces to safe rooms and secret locations. UNESCO said it carried out inventories, trained police and customs officers to recognize stolen antiquities, while appealing to collectors “to refrain from acquiring or taking part in the import, export or transfer of ownership of cultural property from Sudan.” But, unlike similar cultural emergencies that followed wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, "Sudan has not benefited from strong media coverage denouncing the degradation and plundering of its cultural heritage,'' according to researcher Meryam Amarir. ‘’This lack of visibility has reduced the international response.” Ancient Sudan was connected, through trade and military activity, with Egypt, the Mediterranean world and Mesopotamia, and was the source of much of the gold available in the region, according to Geoff Emberling of the Kelsey Museum of Archaeology at the University of Michigan. “And with a team of about 15 Sudanese now working in the museum in Khartoum to clean and restore what has been damaged, they will soon be able to compare what remains there now.” Abdrabo has funding until April 2026 to finish compiling the data and building a platform, but she worries it won’t be enough time. Just for the national museums, I’ve recorded 1,080 objects so far … and then I have to do other museums, sites, archives… I need to add pictures, ID numbers, coordinates …” As the winter settles over Paris, the crisis in Sudan drives Abdrabo. My only goal and message is to bring back as much as possible, to do as much as I can for Sudan, but it’s not easy for us.” It’s not just the war itself, but the consequences of it that could affect the country’s heritage: “militias, people displaced… it’s not safe for the art to be in unsecure locations,” she added.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/grateful-alive-residents-escaped-hong-kong-apartment-blaze-127959162
Article: A massive fire in Hong Kong's Tai Po district has become the deadliest in the city's memory, causing 128 deaths with 200 people unaccounted-for Grateful to be alive, residents who escaped the Hong Kong apartment blaze wonder what comes next William Li describes his escape from the deadly Nov. There were no alarms, no signs of smoke in his 2nd floor apartment, and no burning smell to give a sense of urgency, so the 40-year-old office worker who was home on a day off decided to change from his pajamas before heading outside. It would burn for more than 40 hours and engulf seven of the complex's eight buildings before being finally extinguished Friday morning, claiming the lives of at least 128 people with some 200 unaccounted-for, making it Hong Kong's deadliest fire since 1948. Authorities are investigating whether the netting covering the bamboo scaffolding, commonly used in Hong Kong and elsewhere in Asia, met fire-safety requirements; why windows were covered with foam panels; and why fire alarms did not sound. Already police have arrested three people — the directors of a construction company and an engineering consultant — and Hong Kong's anti-corruption authorities have arrested a further eight including scaffolding subcontractors, directors of an engineering consulting company and the renovation project managers. Li grew up in the Wang Fuk Court complex, while resident Ding Chan and her husband moved there as adults as soon as it was built in the early 1980s, lured by the appeal of the quiet suburban neighborhood north of Hong Kong, far away from the city’s commercial center. Their unit, which they spent more than a decade paying off, is likely uninhabitable now and Chan said they did not know how they were going to survive for the next months, let alone the longer term future. “Where am I going to stay?" The government has made emergency assistance available to residents, and donations have also been pouring in, but it was not yet clear what long-term financial aid those in need will receive. Of the more than 4,600 residents in Wang Fuk Court, more than one-third are over 65, like Chan and her husband, according to Midland Realty data based on the 2021 census. Some 900 people were taken to emergency shelters in the immediate aftermath of the fire, and hundreds of volunteers, including off-duty nurses, social workers and psychological counselors, flocked to the district to offer help. Li took to social media to share his ordeal, posting details Friday on a Tai Po Facebook group, writing he hoped to help the community “heal and rebuild together.” By Saturday morning it has generated more than 1,000 comments and had been shared nearly 10,000 times. “They told me it was because their window had overheated and shattered from the fire and the fire rushed into their home.” Seeing flames closing in, he began to worry his apartment would soon suffer the same fate. In that instant I felt powerless, as if there was nothing I could do except wait.” Not sure what else to do, the father of two reached out to friends for comfort. “At that moment my feelings were very heavy, because I knew I had to leave this home, and that it might be swallowed by the fire — I felt reluctant, but I had no choice. I had to escape.” As he climbed down the ladder, firefighters yelled at him to cover his head due to falling debris, while hosing him down with water to protect him from the flames. Li said he had only moved down to the second floor in September, and said he had heard that his former neighbors on the 29th floor had all perished in the blaze. ”My daughter immediately rushed over to hug me saying ‘daddy didn’t die, daddy didn't die.' My son sat quietly to the side, very calm, but tears kept streaming down his face." Like Chan and her husband, and most other residents of the apartment complex, Li is now left wondering what will come next for him and his family even with the outpouring of support now being offered. “At this moment, we haven't yet seen all the stuff, but I will look around and see what can help us.” ___ AP video journalist Ayaka McGill, reporter David Rising and photographers Chan Long Hei and Ng Han Guan contributed to this report.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/death-toll-floods-mudslides-sri-lanka-rises-123-127958978
Article: Sri Lankan authorities say the death toll from heavy floods and mudslides caused by Cyclone Ditwah has risen to 123 with 130 people still missing Death toll from floods and mudslides in Sri Lanka rises to 123, over 100 missing COLOMBO, Sri Lanka -- The death toll from heavy floods and mudslides caused by Cyclone Ditwah in Sri Lanka rose to 123, with 130 people still missing, authorities said Saturday. Sri Lanka has been battered by severe weather since last week and the conditions worsened Thursday, with heavy downpours that flooded homes, fields and roads and triggered landslides mainly in the tea-growing central hill country.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-11-29/la-auto-show-ends-this-weekend-here-are-new-evs-you-can-buy-today
Article: The event at the Los Angeles Convention Center is one of the oldest and largest auto exhibitions in the nation and features hundreds of new vehicles and concept cars, including the latest in EVs. Among the EVs exhibited this year are the 2026 version of the Nissan Leaf, which now offers an estimated 303 miles of range on a charge, and the Chevy Bolt, which offers an estimated 255 miles of range. Advertisement The auto show also saw new models debut, including the 2026 Jeep Recon — a Wrangler-style EV advertised by the company as “the only fully electric Trail Rated SUV” — that offers 230 miles of range starting at $65,000. The range for the new Hyundai Ioniq 6 N has not yet been announced but is expected to land around 257 miles when the car comes to market early next year. (Rivian also displayed its upcoming R2 — a smaller SUV with a promised price of $45,000 that is expected to offer more than 300 miles of range.) But this year’s auto show also converged with a shifting EV landscape. The Trump administration recently canceled federal rebates on new and used EVs and has moved to block California’s landmark ban on the sale of gas-powered cars, prompting a lawsuit from the state in return. Advertisement The administration’s actions pushed many consumers to snap up EVs before the federal incentives expired , with California reporting a record number of zero-emission vehicle sales in the third quarter of 2025 — just shy of 126,000, or about 29% of new car sales . Auto Show, and that “fanfare over the electric future was decidedly tamped down.” In October, the first full month after the repeal of the federal tax credit, EVs accounted for just 5.2% of new vehicle retail sales in the U.S., according to consumer insights company J.D. “The strong will survive, so the ones who make really good EVs that are priced right, you’ll see them bounce back,” said Ed Loh, head of editorial with Motor Trends, in an interview with Fox Business at the L.A.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0qp3q5q708o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: They have six packs - but they're still jumping on and off weight-loss jabs 1 hour ago Share Save Luis Barrucho BBC World Service Share Save Courtesy of Gabriela Gabriela, pictured here, says she "tried everything" from stricter dieting to intense workouts six days a week but "nothing worked" Gabriela was trying to lose the weight she'd gained during the Covid pandemic. In the UK, the National Health Service generally won't prescribe weight-loss jabs - which mimic a natural hormone that regulates hunger and make you feel full for longer - unless your body mass index (BMI) is above 35 or 40, depending on the drug. "I hear of so many cases of people using it just to look good." Professor and endocrinologist Simone van de Sande Lee is clear: "These are drugs approved to treat conditions like diabetes or obesity - they are not cosmetic tools." 'I felt like I was a bit puffy' Andrew, 49, was also far below the threshold for being prescribed weight-loss drugs in the UK. "I came back from Christmas holidays and thought, 'I'm going to fix this somehow.'" At the time, Andrew weighed around 90kg (14st 2lb) at 1.83m (6ft) tall, though like Gabriela he was also muscular. Courtesy of Andrew Andrew started fat-loss jabs, even though he did not meet the threshold set in the UK "Almost immediately what I felt with the jab is that the food noise went away from me… I really enjoyed not having to think about food so much." Now, Andrew still goes out to restaurants but eats much less. "I'm like, 'Come on, I'm already going to be drinking a ton of beer - why would I take it?' So I don't." "These days, I'm probably taking it in a pretty sloppy way - honestly, I have no idea," she adds. Risk of muscle loss Getty Images As weight-loss jabs surge in popularity, experts warn against unsupervised use for quick results While both Gabriela and Andrew are positive about their experiences, health experts point to risks with taking weight-loss jabs irregularly and without oversight. While earlier versions of GLP-1 drugs were used as early as the 1990s for type 2 diabetes, it's only in the past four years that the drugs have truly surged in popularity, after medical regulators around the world began licensing them for weight loss. Prof Lee adds that most of what we know about these drugs comes from people who use them consistently under medical supervision, so any stop-and-start pattern makes it harder to gauge their long-term effects. The patient leaflets for Ozempic, Wegovy, and Mounjaro recommend once‑weekly injections on a fixed schedule under medical supervision, indicating the drugs are intended for regular, continuous use rather than occasional or sporadic dosing. "When you lose weight, your body doesn't just say, 'Great, job done.' Hunger hormones ramp up, your metabolism slows, and your body tries to restore what it sees as your natural point." He points out that as soon as patients stop taking the jabs, which suppress hunger signals, the body resumes its fight to regain the weight it has lost. No plans to stop In early 2025, Britain's General Pharmaceutical Council tightened restrictions on how online pharmacies can sell and prescribe the jabs in response to growing concerns about misuse, safety and supply shortages.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgkgplmvmeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: A simple test could have given our son a very different future 1 hour ago Share Save Lucy Jenkins in Driffield Share Save Nino Travagli Photography Rosie and Wes, from Driffield, East Yorkshire, with Marley, five, and baby Meadow Two children with a rare genetic condition will live very different lives because one was tested at birth and the other was not, their parents say. But while Marley, who was diagnosed at five months, cannot walk or talk and needs help to breathe, Meadow is meeting all the milestones for her age after she was tested at birth and received life-changing gene therapy at the earliest opportunity. Meadow is going to live a completely normal life and will barely need any breathing support." The couple are backing a campaign by the charity SMA UK, which wants the disease to be added to a blood spot test that already checks newborn babies for 10 rare but serious conditions. According to the charity, an estimated 47 babies were born with the condition in the UK in 2024, though about 1 in 40 people carry the altered gene that can cause the disease. Supplied Marley and Meadow both have type 1 SMA, the most severe form of the disease Rosie and Wes say their world came "crashing down" when Marley was diagnosed with SMA at the age of five months. According to SMA UK, the drug delivers a healthy copy of the affected gene to the body, but timing is critical because irreversible damage may have already occurred in the nervous system. Supplied Rosie (right) and her children at a session with therapist Lisa Speight In 2018, the UK National Screening Committee (NSC) recommended against screening for SMA, citing limited evidence of long-term treatment outcomes and cost-effectiveness for the NHS. The future for these children is bright." Supplied Prof Laurent Servais says screening would be "extremely easy to implement" Laurent Servais, a professor of neuromuscular diseases at the University of Oxford, carried out a study of newborn screening based on programmes in other countries, such as Belgium. A spokesperson for the Department of Health and Social Care said: "The UK National Screening Committee has recommended a large-scale study for spinal muscular atrophy screening in newborns to gather further evidence. "This is under consideration and we are working closely with families and campaigners as part of this." Though Marley was not diagnosed at birth, his parents say he has made incredible progress due to drugs and physiotherapy.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g4erglxdvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Reeves must go' and Tom Stoppard tributes 45 minutes ago Share Save Share Save Chancellor Rachel Reeves continues to face backlash over accusations she misled the public on the state of the nation's economy, with the story prominent on many of Sunday's papers. The prime minister is also being drawn into the scandal, with the Sunday Telegraph saying Sir Keir Starmer was aware there was no black hole in public finances but still approved Reeves' speech about the need for tax rises in the Budget. The paper quotes No 10 saying the chancellor's speech was "entirely accurate", adding that the PM was aware of the Office for Budget Responsibility's (OBR) figures and the "content of the speech". The Sunday Times keeps its focus on the PM, reporting that Sir Keir will vow to tackle the cost of living crisis next week in an attempt to pivot attention away from the embattled chancellor. The paper cites a new report that says working families with three children will need to earn £71,000 to match the welfare benefits of a similar jobless household as a result of Reeves scrapping the two-child benefit cap. They're all we have to go on." The Independent shifts its attention to the war in Ukraine, spotlighting an interview with a Russia expert and former top White House adviser.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm2w79447vvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: It's time to lock in and let your winter arc begin 1 hour ago Share Save George Sandeman Share Save BBC Dani compares locking in to tunnel vision and says it helps her get things done Have you ever locked in? "I feel like locking in is a way of romanticising getting into your deep work and making that decision of like, 'okay, it's time to get stuff done'." She compares it to tunnel vision. @daniistypingtoo Dani thinks locking in is a way for her generation to romanticise the idea of working hard In recent weeks as the nights have drawn in and days become colder, some influencers have been telling followers to stop missing the summer and see this as the perfect opportunity to lock in - to embrace their winter arc. Her streams can last 11 hours so she has to ensure she eats regularly and spends time away from the keyboard - usually watching anime, playing with her cat or reading. @karagii Karagii says she tells herself to lock in when she encounters sexism during online games The 29-year-old says the comments she receives range from the patronising, "you're good for a girl", to the insulting - "get back in the kitchen". "And also, remind myself that I need to be a role model to the young women that watch me." Locking in at the gym That struggle for acceptance is also something Emma felt about joining a gym - but she found a way to overcome it. So much so, she began working as a personal trainer in Lancashire this year and thinks one of the best ways to lock in is setting realistic and achievable goals. @emmarose_fitnessxx Emma says teaming up with a friend for workouts can help you avoid burning out at the gym Having a methodical plan and a clear structure can help you get started but she cautions that you can burn out by locking in too much. "That's completely normal and I think people should be reassured that is kind of part of the process and you're not always going to feel motivated 365 days a year," she tells me. Adam Aleksic, a linguist who posts online as Etymology Nerd, says locking in's origins aren't certain but its use appears to have begun in the early 2000s - particularly in the African American community.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c62501n3dxlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 3 hours ago Share Save Catriona Aitken BBC Wales Share Save Getty Images Location apps such as Life 360 and Find My Friends allow parents to keep tabs on their children Is it caring or overbearing? Many parents are turning to their phones to keep tabs on their adult children - but is this OK (if they agree to it) or is it a sign of mums and dads struggling to let go? Research by Unite Students, which surveyed 1,027 parents of first-year university students across the UK, found 67% of parents use an app to track their child's location, but just 17% contact them daily. Dr Martin Brunet, a GP and author who posts mental health content on social media, said while it was "a personal choice" he strongly advised parents to "let them fly the nest", for their own wellbeing. Steven, from Michaelston-y-Fedw, near Cardiff, has been using the Life 360 app for years, first prompted when his daughter Martha, now 19, started spending time away from their village with friends. it will give you directions to Martha, wherever she happens to be." It therefore felt natural, when Martha started at the University of Reading in September, for them to keep using the app. "It's not that I don't want her to do anything, I just like to know she's got back." Steven Medway Steven says having his family on a tracking app gives him peace of mind Steven added Martha was "quite an independent girl" who had spent a month travelling around Japan alone, as well as interrailing across Europe with friends, so he was used to her being away from home. She checks it a couple of times a day to make sure Owain is getting out and to keep an eye on his phone battery so she can remind him to charge it if needed. "He was a bit reluctant at first, but I was like 'I pay your mobile phone bill, so if you want me to continue to pay the bill you'll put this app on your phone'. "I say 'I see you're in Wetherspoons, what table and I'll send you some drinks?' So we keep it fun, but it is in the back of mind that it's for safety." She said she would be "disappointed" if Owain didn't want to use the app anymore, but would "go with it" while admitting she would text and call him more often. He's my baby." Maria Connolly Maria Connolly says she pays for her son Owain's phone contract, so feels it's fair that he has a tracking app on his phone Safety is the biggest motivator for Steven, who cited cases such as the triple death crash in St Mellons in 2023 when it took police two days to find the car involved. That, to me, is invaluable." Steven says, while he has been accused of not trusting his daughter, the opposite is true because "you have to completely trust your family if you're allowing them to have 24-hour access to your location". Lianne Hannam Lianne Hannam's daughter Erin Mae was the one who suggested the Life 360 app to her mum Lianne, 45, thought it was a good idea, especially as her daughter is a new driver and is starting a job which involves night-time work.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/missing-virginia-football-coach-wanted-child-sexual-abuse/story?id=127971375
Article: Missing Virginia football coach wanted on child sexual abuse material charges walked into woods with gun, family says Travis Turner is seen in an undated photo released by Virginia State Police. A statement from a law firm representing the family of Travis Turner, released Friday, said: "The last known contact the family had with Travis occurred on or about Thursday, November 20, after he left his residence to walk in the woods with a firearm. He is believed to have entered a heavily wooded and mountainous area." At that time, the statement from attorney Adrian Collins said, no warrants had been issued for Turner's arrest. The family has cooperated fully with law-enforcement in their ongoing efforts to locate Travis." Agents with the state police's Bureau of Criminal Investigation Wytheville Field Office were en route to Turner's home on Nov. State police later obtained a total of 10 warrants for Turner, 46 ,of Appalachia, Virginia, including five counts of possession of child pornography and five counts of using a computer to solicit a minor, authorities said. "VSP's main priority is locating Turner safely; he is now considered a fugitive." The statement from the Turner family's attorney said family members and friends have also been searching in the woods.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/29/palmeiras-defeat-flamengo-to-win-copa-libertadores-title?traffic_source=rss
Article: Flamengo defeated Palmeiras 1-0 to win the Copa Libertadores, becoming the most successful Brazilian team in the history of South America’s top club competition by lifting the title for a fourth time. A second-half headed goal from Flamengo centre-back Danilo settled a scrappy encounter at the Estadio Monumental in Lima on Saturday – the fifth Libertadores final in the past six seasons to feature two clubs from Brazil. Flamengo’s win avenged their 2-1 defeat to Palmeiras in the 2021 Libertadores final and leaves the famous Rio de Janeiro club firmly on course for a hat-trick of trophies in 2025. A scrappy first half saw Flamengo enjoy the better chances, with Bruno Henrique the first to trigger alarm in the Palmeiras ranks with a 15th-minute strike that flew high and wide. Advertisement This, however, was as good as it got for Flamengo in the first half, and the men in red and black were fortunate not to be reduced to 10 men after 30 minutes, following a melee that erupted when Palmeiras defender Bruno Fuchs brought down Flamengo star Giorgian de Arrascaeta.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crrkdw2xy28o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer will give his backing to the chancellor's Budget in a speech on Monday, and commit the government to going "further and faster" on pro-growth measures. Despite the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) downgrading growth from next year, the prime minister will argue that "economic growth is beating forecasts", but the government must do more to encourage it. The prime minister will also promise to cut "unnecessary red tape" in infrastructure after a report found the UK had become the most expensive place in the world to build nuclear power infrastructure. The prime minister's speech on Monday, just five days after the Budget, may suggest some nervousness over how the government's economic plans have been received by the public, though No 10 say a statement was already planned. In the days since the Budget, Downing Street has been forced to publicly back Reeves after she was accused by political opponents of repeatedly warning about a downgrade to the UK's economic productivity forecasts, paving the way for tax hikes. In a letter to MPs sent on Friday, the chairman of the OBR revealed that he told the chancellor on 17 September that the public finances were in better shape than widely thought. Last week, a spokesperson for the Treasury said: "We are not going to get into the OBR's processes or speculate on how that relates to the internal decision‑making in the build‑up to a Budget, but the chancellor made her choices to cut the cost of living, cut hospital waiting lists and double headroom to cut the cost of our debt." Both the chancellor and Badenoch are scheduled to appear on the BBC's Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg programme.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2465lndrnno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 2 hours ago Share Save Bob Howard Dublin Share Save NurPhoto via Getty Images Jack likes a drink and a standard night out will probably involve several pints at his local. "Probably a heavy night, casually, would be like six-plus pints." Jack grew up in County Galway where, he says, young people often start drinking at 14 or 15, "usually in a field with a horrendous can of cider". "And then, when you're 17, your dad brings you to a pub, buys you your pint of Guinness, and that's where it takes hold." Ireland has a complex relationship with drinking and many see alcohol and socialising as inextricably linked, part of the social fabric of everyday life. Since 2020 supermarkets and corner shops across the country have had to erect physical barriers between sections selling alcoholic drinks and general products, while some bottles and cans of alcohol now carry among the strongest warning labels anywhere in the world. First signed into Irish law in 2023, products with the new labels - which state drinking causes liver disease and is linked to fatal cancers - are already on sale in pubs and supermarkets across the country. But in a move condemned by public health advocates, the Irish government has delayed their compulsory introduction until 2028, blaming uncertainty with world trade - which some believe is the result of lobbying by the drinks industry. For its part, the industry body, Drinks Ireland, said it did look to the Irish government to give some "breathing space" on health warning labels and that it believes they should be agreed on an EU-wide level. Labels displaying the calorie content and alcohol quantity (in grams) for each product won't become mandatory until 2028 It was when Jack moved to Dublin in 2015 to study journalism that he really got to know the capital's nightlife. "It's very pub-centric, drink-heavy." A big weekend night out for Jack usually begins with pre-drinks at someone's house - perhaps a bottle of gin mixed with tonic shared between him and three friends - before going on to a club for shots. As long as you know what your limits are, I think its fine, health-wise." Jack outside a bar on Drury Street in the centre of Dublin Three-quarters of the population here drink and celebrations, from birthdays to weddings, often involve alcohol. A report from public health advocacy group Alcohol Action Ireland found the proportion of 15-24-year-olds consuming alcohol had risen - from 66% in 2018, to 75% in 2024 - and that two out of three 15-24-year-olds regularly binge-drink. "You don't want to be in compromising positions, you don't want people to have a negative image." Amanda has seen the new warning labels on alcohol - but isn't sure how effective they'll be Twenty-one-year-old Sean lives in the capital and likes to socialise with friends - some are drinkers, while others are not. At times you'd just be like, 'I'm really not in the humour to have a pint, but I want to sit somewhere and see my friends' - so you have to get a pint." He's seen the alcohol warning labels too, but isn't sure they will put him off drinking. Sean (left) with friends Mark, Ted, Nikita, Darragh and James in a courtyard near Temple Bar, Dublin's nightlife hub Even before the introduction of the new warning labels, some young Irish people in their 20s have been finding they are better off without alcohol in their lives. "Guinness is probably the one I would have, but also the cost of it - I am saving so much money by just getting the Club Orange." Helen is 27 and when she was younger used to drink regularly. "It just kind of dwindled off to this point where I'm more or less sober, but I just don't identify as that because I may have a drink again - or maybe I won't." Sam and Helen are good friends who encourage each other not to drink Helen's friend Sam - who started drinking when he was "16 or 17" - has gone a step further. "There's the odd person that you meet and you tell them you're not drinking and they kind of look at you sideways." Unlike Sam, Jack's not keen on zero-alcohol drinks, and thinks they're "a waste of time, because it's the same price as a pint".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g6we59qe4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Too scared to speak' - Nigerian villagers on living in the midst of kidnap gangs 2 hours ago Share Save Mayeni Jones and Kyla Herrmannsen , Minna, Nigeria Share Save EPA/Shutterstock Parents have been waiting outside the school in Papiri desperate for news Many of the parents whose children were abducted 10 days ago from a boarding school in Nigeria are terrified - they do not want to talk to the authorities or journalists in case of reprisals from the kidnappers. His young son is one of more 300 students abducted when armed men stormed the grounds of St Mary's Catholic School in Papiri village in the central state of Niger in the early hours of 21 November. The incident is part of a recent wave of mass abductions in north and central Nigeria - some of which have been blamed on criminal gangs, known locally as "bandits", who see kidnapping for ransom as a quick and easy way to make money. We know where they are, but we can't go there ourselves, it's too dangerous." He is desperate with worry - especially as vulnerable captives kept in forest hideouts have died during previous abductions, whether from sickness or because ransoms have not been paid. We need someone to help us to take action." Remote boarding schools, like this one in Papiri, are seen as soft targets by groups seeking a large ransom A few days before the Papiri kidnapping, 25 girls were taken from their school in Maga, which is 200km (125 miles) further north in Kebbi state. No group has said it was behind these two recent school kidnappings, though the government has recently told the BBC it believes it was jihadists, not bandits, who are responsible. Yusuf, the legal guardian to some of the Maga girls and whose name has also been changed to protect his identity, believes such kidnappings could not have happened without informants in the community. "They need the help of someone who knows the terrain very well." But there has been a surprising change of approach in some areas where villages have been at the mercy of bandits for the last decade and have given up hope of getting help from the security forces. "In the north-west, those communities that have been severely affected by these mass kidnappings have struck so-called peace deals with these bandits in exchange for access to mines," David Nwaugwe, a security analyst for security risk consulting firm SBM Intelligence, told the BBC. AFP/Getty Images Cows are prized possessions for ethnic Fulanis, who walk for hundreds of miles to find pasture for them High on the agenda - for both sides - was the release of those kidnapped. The BBC does not know how many people were released in Jibia, but 37 villagers had been freed in Kurfi, another area of Katsina state, by late September - a month after a deal was struck. "This is a crisis that the police should handle but the security agencies were brought in and yet, they couldn't end it." Audu Abdullahi Ofisa, a bandit leader who took part in the Jibia talks, endorsed the move towards peace: "Life is full of ups and downs, we are happy to go into another phase." Rural communities stand to gain from a return to peace, but what is less immediately obvious is why bandits have entered into peace processes - especially in cases where gold mines were not part of the deals. Anybody that has the means, has left the rural areas to run towards the major city centres." Some have questioned whether the resurgence in attacks in the last few weeks is linked to Donald Trump's recent threats of military intervention in Nigeria. A jihadist insurgency erupted in the north-east of the country in 2009 - and the kidnapping of more than 200 girls by Boko Haram militants from Chibok 11 years ago was one of the first mass abductions. "I don't think purely using military power is going to work here, you need to complement that with other measures." But for the parents of Papiri, the prospect of living peacefully with the enemy remains a far-off dream as they pray for their children's safe return.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/bangladeshs-khaleda-zia-hospitalised-in-very-critical-condition?traffic_source=rss
Article: Bangladeshi former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia has been hospitalised in “very critical” condition, according to members of her party, as her family and supporters urged well-wishers to pray for her speedy recovery. Zia’s personal physician, Dr A Z M Zahid Hossein, told reporters late on Saturday that the 80-year-old politician, who was taken to the Evercare Hospital in Dhaka on November 23, remains in intensive care. “Please pray so that she can continue to receive this treatment.” Hossein’s comments came a day after the secretary-general of Zia’s Bangladesh National Party (BNP), Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir, told reporters that her “condition was very critical”. Earlier on Saturday, BNP’s vice chairman, Ahmed Azam Khan, told reporters that an air ambulance was on standby to take Zia abroad for advanced treatment if her medical condition stabilises. “We express our heartfelt thanks and gratitude for all your prayers and love for the highly respected Begum Khaleda Zia,” Rahman, 60, said in a social media post on Saturday. “We fervently request you to continue your prayers for her early recovery.” Zia, who served three terms as prime minister, was jailed for corruption in 2018 under recently ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s government, which also barred her from travelling abroad for medical treatment. Waiting in front of the hospital since morning, Liton Molla, a driver for a private company, said he rushed there after hearing about Zia’s condition, describing her as his “dear leader”.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/ukraine/ukraine-peace-talks-shaken-resignation-zelenskyy-top-aide-corruption-rcna246411
Article: Andriy Yermak, an ever-present figure at President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s side throughout the war with Russia, resigned as chief of staff on Friday after an anti-corruption raid at his home, injecting fresh uncertainty for Ukraine’s leadership. Oscar Del Pozo / AFP - Getty Images The development capped a dramatic week, which began with Kyiv under intense pressure from President Donald Trump to endorse a plan that aligned with Moscow’s hard-line demands. Yermak’s resignation comes at a “very bad time, because we’re really at a possible tipping point where you know what Ukraine is demanding may not be granted or taken into consideration,” Michael Bociurkiw, a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council’s Eurasia Center, told NBC News by phone on Saturday. Bociurkiw added that Yermak’s departure would be unlikely to change Ukraine’s firm stance on territorial concessions, but that Russia “will try to manipulate and take advantage of this vacuum.” Secretary Marco Rubio, Special Envoy Steve Witkoff and the president’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner will attend Sunday talks, a U.S. Horowitz, a Jerusalem-based geopolitical consultant, echoed Bociurkiw’s concerns, saying that Yermak’s resignation, just days before major U.S.-Ukraine-Russia talks and a potential Trump-Putin summit, “disrupts Kyiv’s preparations and invites counterparts to probe whether Ukraine’s red lines on territory and NATO can be eased during the transition.” But in the long term, Horowitz told NBC News on Saturday, Yermak’s departure could even be a positive. A constant presence by the president’s side through the ups and downs of the war, Yermak had emerged as one of the few men that the Ukrainian leader appeared to really trust. Yermak’s departure may “reinforce skepticism within the Trump administration” about Zelenskyy’s inner circle, giving them further reasons to push for concessions, said Natia Seskuria, an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute, a London-based think tank. But Horowitz said the resignation “removes a lightning rod for controversy and gives Kyiv a cleaner, more collective mandate to say no to an unfair and unsustainable peace,” adding: “Zelenskyy is getting his house in order.” When it comes to how the rule of law is being enforced in Ukraine, “generally this is a good sign,” said Moritz Brake, a senior fellow at the Center for Advanced Security, Strategic and Integration Studies. “Of course, it’s bad enough that these accusations existed in the first place,” he added, but “even those in the highest places are prosecuted when suspicions arise.” Zelenskyy said in a video statement on Friday that he was looking for Yermak’s replacement. But Bociurkiw said time is “not on Ukraine’s side right now.” If you’re Ukraine at the moment, he added, “you need not only a physical army, but an army of diplomats and advocates.”

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/one-killed-in-riot-in-iraqs-erbil-after-attack-on-khor-mor-gas-field?traffic_source=rss
Article: A group of “rioters” have opened fire at fuel tanker trucks in the northern Iraqi governorate of Erbil, killing at least one person and wounding several others, Kurdish authorities said, days after a rocket attack on the region’s Khor Mor gas field. In a statement carried by the Iraqi News Agency late on Saturday, the Ministry of Interior of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) linked the shooting to the Khor Mor attack. The ministry said the KRG sent liquid fuel to supply power plants following the Khor Mor attack, but that “a group of rioters blocked the road used by fuel tankers and civilians in Gwer, opening fire on passersby and travellers”. The ministry statement followed an earlier report by the Iraqi News Agency in which it said there had been armed clashes between the Harkiya tribe and security forces in Erbil, near the village of Lajan on the Erbil-Gwer road. Meanwhile, Iraqi Kurdish Prime Minister Masrour Barzani has announced that the KRG has agreed with the company operating the Khor Mor gas field to restart production within hours to restore electricity. Advertisement The attack on Thursday on Khor Mor was the most significant violence since a series of drone attacks in July that cut production by about 150,000 barrels per day. “I have spoken with the company’s [Dana Gas] leadership to thank them and their workforce for their extraordinary resilience and determination amid eleven attacks on the Khor Mor field,” Barzani said in a statement posted in English. “I have urged [Iraqi] Prime Minister Mohammed Shia al-Sudani to hold the perpetrators of this attack accountable to the full extent of the law, whoever they may be and wherever they are,” Barzani added. Abdulkhaliq Talaat, a military expert and former official from the Kurdish region of northern Iraq, however, told the Rudaw news channel that the drone attack on the Khor Mor gas field was launched from an area under the control of Iraqi forces. The storage tank at Khor Mor is part of new facilities partially financed by the US and built by a US contractor, an industry source told the Reuters news agency earlier this week.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-29/la-fbi-seizes-rare-mercedes-in-connection-with-alleged-drug-lord
Article: As part of the Giant Slalom investigative developments announced last week involving FBI Top Ten Fugitive, Ryan Wedding, and his associates, a rare 2002 Mercedes CLK-GTR valued at $13 million was seized by the FBI. Wedding wanted poster: https://t.co/PCwWjFU578 pic.twitter.com/aBBfVbbUfS — FBI Los Angeles (@FBILosAngeles) November 25, 2025 Advertisement Earlier this month, prosecutors unsealed an indictment that accuses Wedding of ordering the killing of a witness who had planned to testify against him in a 2024 federal narcotics case. Federal agents also announced the seizure of a website, TheDirtyNewz.com, a blog on Canadian gang crime operated by a co-defendant in the case who allegedly helped publicize a potential federal witness against the narcotics operation who was then later killed.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/investigation-underway-womans-father-fatally-shoots-ex-boyfriend-north-harris-county-pear-tree-lane/18227792/
Article: HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- The Harris County Sheriff's Office is investigating after a man was reportedly shot to death by the father of his ex-girlfriend on Saturday morning, investigators said. Neighbors who knew the family spoke to ABC13 and described the situation as "sad." SEE ALSO: Man shot and killed at ex-girlfriend's home after fight with visitor in north Houston, HPD says "It's very sad. RELATED: Man shot and killed when ex came to pick up their child at NW Harris County apartment, deputies say While the community waits for answers, Astala hopes to come together with her neighbors as they try to heal from this tragedy. "I think for our neighborhood, I think just to get to know each other and pay better attention to each other." According to the Harris County Sheriff's Office, no charges have been filed against the alleged shooter, and they say that after the investigation is complete, the Harris County District Attorney's Office will decide on possible charges.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yq6g1gv4jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Why I spend hours painstakingly repairing banknotes 5 hours ago Share Save Yolande Knell , Middle East correspondent and Malak Hassouneh , Jerusalem Share Save BBC In a bustling Gaza City market, a money repairer expertly inspects a worn, yellow 100 shekel ($30.50; £23.10) note. Baraa Abu al-Aoun should have been studying at university - but instead he ekes out a living from a table he has set up at the roadside, taking a small sum to help keep cash in circulation. What I do now is to serve people and help them." Watch: Baraa Abu al-Aoun carefully restores a banknote Gaza's economic collapse has been so catastrophic during two years of intense war that a new UN report says its entire population of more than two million has been pushed into poverty. Four in five people are now unemployed according to the UN Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad), and even those who still have an income or savings struggle to access cash. Cogat, the Israeli defence body which controls Gaza's border crossings, confirmed that in line with a political order "and due to Hamas's reliance on cash to maintain its military activity", Israel has not been allowing cash to enter Gaza. "Ten-shekel coins are barely found, and even when they are, they have virtually no value because of inflation due to the cash crisis." Now, there are long lines outside the Bank of Palestine in Gaza City, one of nine branches of five banks that have reopened. We left everything just to come to the bank." NurPhoto via Getty Images In the southern city of Khan Younis, where the banks are too badly damaged to reopen, Abu Khalil has just returned from a trek to central Gaza. The grandfather still receives a monthly salary of about 2,000 shekels ($612; £463) from the Palestinian Authority, but says that almost half of his income goes on charges he pays to vendors or money merchants. But when the crossings close, the rate rises." Anadolu via Getty Images Electronic transfers through bank apps - for which shop and stall owners charge minor fees - have become a popular workaround for Gazans making purchases, even of small items. From what we observed, 99% of all beneficiaries are spending first on food and water, second is hygiene items, like soap, and third is electricity through generators." Mr Crickx says he has personally witnessed families having to buy 2kg (4.4lb) of tomatoes for about $80, and 5kg (11lb) of onions for $70. Hanan Abu Jahel, who is displaced from Gaza City and lives in a camp in al-Zawaideh in central Gaza with her extended family, recently received 1,200 shekels ($367) from Unicef. My youngest son especially craves eggs, but I can't get them as prices are still so high and I have to cover the needs of 12 people." US President Donald Trump's 20-point peace plan promises an "economic development plan to rebuild and energise Gaza", convening "a panel of experts who have helped birth some of the thriving modern miracle cities of the Middle East".

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pope-wraps-turkey-visit-heads-beirut-give-lebanese-127974040
Article: Pope Leo XIV is wrapping up his visit to Turkey before heading to Lebanon Pope wraps up Turkey visit and heads to Beirut to try to give Lebanese hope after years of crises Pope Leo XIV and Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I, the spiritual leader of the world's Eastern Orthodox Christians leave after attending the Doxology at the Patriarchal Church of Saint George, in Istanbul, Turkey, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel) Pope Leo XIV and Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I, the spiritual leader of the world's Eastern Orthodox Christians leave after attending the Doxology at the Patriarchal Church of Saint George, in Istanbul, Turkey, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Emrah Gurel) ISTANBUL, Turkey -- ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) — Pope Leo XIV wrapped up his visit to Turkey on Sunday before heading to Lebanon, where he hoped to bring a message of hope to its long-suffering people and bolster a crucial Christian community in the Middle East. Leo had two key appointments in Istanbul before flying to Beirut: a prayer at the Armenian Apostolic Cathedral and a divine liturgy with Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, spiritual leader of the world's Orthodox Christians, whose invitation to commemorate an important Christian anniversary was the impetus for Leo's visit. Leo was expected to try to encourage Lebanese who believe their leaders have failed them, and to encourage Lebanese Christians to stay or, if they have already moved abroad, to come home. Another disaster followed in 2020, when hundreds of tons of ammonium nitrate improperly stored at the Beirut port detonated an explosion that blasted through the surrounding neighborhoods, killing 218 people, wounding thousands more and causing billions of dollars in damages. 7, 2023 Hamas-led attack in southern Israel sparked the war in Gaza, the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah entered into a low-level conflict with Israel that escalated into a full-fledged war in September 2024, killing more than 4,000 people and causing widespread destruction. However, the Christian party with the largest parliamentary bloc, the Lebanese Forces, is an opponent of Hezbollah and has criticized the group for pulling the country into a war with Israel. “We are in need of someone like the pope to come and give us hope as Christians” at a time of "fear of an unknown future,” said 24-year-old Dima Awwad, one of the delegation members. “We wish that the pope would come to visit Syria as he visited Lebanon, to reassure the people and to feel that we are present as eastern Christians and we need to be in this place.” ___ Sewell reported from Beirut.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/chinas-factory-activity-contracts-8th-month-november-despite-127972585
Article: China’s factory activity contracted for the eighth straight month in November, according to an official survey on Sunday, underscoring challenges for the country’s economy despite the U.S.-China trade truce Workers labor at a ceramic ware factory, in Handan in north China's Hebei province on Nov. (Chinatopix Via AP) HONG KONG -- China’s factory activity contracted for the eighth straight month in November, according to an official survey on Sunday, underscoring challenges for the country’s economy despite the U.S.-China trade truce. While Chinese authorities previously rolled out measures such as trade-in subsidies for home appliances and electric vehicles, some of these subsidies are set to be phased out, and sales and demand are likely to drop, analysts said. The fading boost from the consumer goods trade-in policies may be weighing on domestic demand for manufactured goods and “signals on domestic demand have been mixed,” said Zichun Huang, China economist at Capital Economics, last week.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/dictatorship-era-army-officers-supporters-rally-argentina-latest-127972398
Article: Ex-military officers who served in Argentina’s brutal dictatorship and their families have staged a rare rally to push for the release of fellow officers imprisoned for human rights abuses committed during the junta’s 1976-1983 rule A retired military officer holds an Argentine flag in front of the presidential palace during a protest demanding the release of former servicemen accused of human rights violations during the last dictatorship, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) A retired military officer holds an Argentine flag in front of the presidential palace during a protest demanding the release of former servicemen accused of human rights violations during the last dictatorship, in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Rodrigo Abd) BUENOS AIRES, Argentina -- Ex-military officers who served in Argentina's brutal dictatorship and their families staged a rare rally on Saturday to push for the release of fellow officers imprisoned for human rights abuses committed during the junta's 1976-1983 rule. Further raising tensions, the officers gathered in Plaza de Mayo, the historic site of protests by women searching for children who had been abducted, detained and “disappeared" by the junta. To the army officers' critics, including dozens of counter-protesters who also flocked to Plaza de Mayo in downtown Buenos Aires on Saturday, the brazen rally marked a worrying sign that cracks were starting to appear in Argentina's national consensus about the bloody legacy of the dictatorship. His vice president, Victoria Villarruel, is the daughter of an Argentine lieutenant colonel and an ultraconservative lawyer who spent years advocating for armed forces and Argentines killed by left-wing guerillas — those she calls the “other victims” of terrorism. His office said this makes Presti the first military official since Argentina’s 1983 return to democracy to hold a ministerial title, “inaugurating a tradition that we hope the political leadership will continue" and "putting an end to the demonization of our officers.” That Argentine society robs the military of respect it deserves was a common complaint among the protesters who gathered Saturday to sing the national anthem and raise banners demanding freedom for imprisoned colleagues. “We demand the moral vindication of all the veterans,” said Maria Asuncion Benedit, the rally organizer whose late husband, an army captain, helped lead a brutal 1975 campaign against guerillas in the northern province of Tucuman. The enemy’s, the terrorists’, those who fought against our soldiers,” she said, referring to how the left-wing Peronist governments of the early 2000s made recovering memories of the dictatorship and seeking justice for perpetrators hallmarks of their administrations. Unlike other Latin American countries that offered amnesty to those who committed military crimes after restoring democracy, Argentina has tried and sentenced more than a thousand army officials and officers for their participation in state terror, many to life in prison. Pedro Nieto, a dictatorship-era veteran who traveled 36 hours from the northern province of Salta to attend Saturday’s rally, said he felt he was sending a potent message by calling for the release of his imprisoned colleagues at the symbolic Plaza de Mayo. Alejandro Perez, whose uncle was abducted and disappeared by the dictatorship, said it terrified him to see veterans like Nieto who participated in the deadly state repression "here in front of the government house, protected by police, protected by fences, being able to hold an event to demand the release of the few imprisoned genocidal criminals.” Police cordoned off the ex-military officers’ demonstration, keeping them at a safe distance from angry counter-protesters who shouted insults and held signs bearing slogans like “Never Again” and “the 30,000 are present.” “You feel it in your bones,” Perez said, drenched in rain as he marched among human rights advocates and left-wing organizations. The dueling demonstrations come a day after the United Nations Committee Against Torture delivered a report in Geneva that raised alarm about the Milei government's dismantling of programs that had investigated the military's actions during the dictatorship as well as “its budget cuts to several institutions working on issues of memory, truth and justice." It also criticized the government's lack of transparency about paying reparations to victims of the dictatorship. A radical libertarian elected in late 2023, Milei has made it his mission to achieve a fiscal surplus by slashing state spending in a country notorious for its huge deficits. torture committee annual meeting earlier this month, Alberto Baños, Milei’s top human rights official, disputed the report's findings and insisted that his government was committed to “complete, unbiased and unobtrusive historical memory.” "Whether you like it or not, the defense of human rights became a business, and we will not tolerate that," he said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/tens-of-thousands-march-in-europe-denouncing-israels-genocide-in-gaza?traffic_source=rss
Article: Tens of thousands of people have marched in cities across Europe, denouncing Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza and demanding tougher global action against its continued and deadly violations of a United States-brokered ceasefire. The demonstrations, held to mark the United Nations International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People on Saturday, came as the death toll from Israel’s war on Gaza surpassed 70,000 people. The latest victims include two boys, aged eight and 10, who were killed in an Israeli drone attack on the town of Bani Suheila, east of Khan Younis in southern Gaza. Anne Tuaillon, head of the France Palestine Solidarity Association (AFPS), one of about 80 non-government organisations, unions and parties behind the call to protest, said that “nothing has been resolved” seven weeks after a ceasefire took effect on October 10. Al Jazeera’s Sonia Gallego, reporting from Paris, said that for the organisers, the march represents a “sustained pressure” on Israel at a time when negotiations for a more lasting peace in the Palestinian territory remain stalled. “This worldwide mobilisation is not just maintaining focus on Gaza, but also [on] the broader unresolved issue of Palestinian rights.” In the British capital, London, organisers said that up to 100,000 joined the march demanding accountability for Israeli “crimes” against Palestinians and pleading for “protection” of those still suffering under siege despite a ceasefire. In Italy, where mass demonstrations and union-led strikes have repeatedly mobilised against Israel’s war, the UN’s special rapporteur on the occupied Palestinian territory, Francesca Albanese, and climate activist Greta Thunberg, attended the main demonstration in the capital, Rome. In a statement, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said that “the killing of so many civilians, the repeated displacement of an entire population and the obstruction of humanitarian aid should never be acceptable”.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crk7nn0y0kzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'One of our greatest writers': King leads tributes to Sir Tom Stoppard 28 minutes ago Share Save Seher Asaf , Patrick Jackson and Yang Tian Share Save Playwright Sir Tom Stoppard dies at 88 King Charles III and Queen Camilla have led tributes to famed playwright Sir Tom Stoppard, who died aged 88, hailing him as "one of our greatest writers". Sir Tom, who won an Oscar and a Golden Globe for the screenplay for Shakespeare In Love, "died peacefully at home in Dorset, surrounded by his family", his agents said on Saturday. Let us all take comfort in his immortal line: 'Look on every exit as being an entrance somewhere else'." The line is from Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead, one of his most notable stage works which also include The Real Thing. Sharing a picture of them on social media, she wrote: "A conversation with him left you reeling from irreverent & imaginative quip-lash." Sir Tom received many honours and accolades throughout his career, including being knighted by the late Queen for his services to literature in 1997. In 2020, he released his semi-autobiographical new work titled Leopoldstadt - set in the Jewish quarter of early 20th Century Vienna - which later won him an Olivier award for best new play and scooped four Tony awards. Nicholas Hytner, who directed Stoppard's play The Hard Problem at the National Theatre in London 10 years ago, celebrated the playwright's "astonishing generosity and curiosity about the work of others". The Olivier Awards organisation, which recognise excellence in theatre, said West End theatres would dim their lights for two minutes at 19:00 BST on 2 December to remember the playwright. In a post on X, it said Sir Tom had won three Olivier Awards and five Tony awards - for Broadway theatre - as well as the Oscar for Shakespeare in Love.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/global-week-ahead-december-santa-rally-or-more-bah-humbug.html
Article: So what does this mean for December — can stocks stage a seasonal Santa Rally, or will it be more 'bah humbug' in the final trading month of the year? Brendan Mcdermid | Reuters The case for a Santa Rally Fidelity International crunched the numbers: The FTSE 100 has delivered a positive return during December in 24 out of the last 30 years. this year, with markets pricing in a 90% chance the Bank of England will cut the interest rate in December after the budget was seen as avoiding any seriously inflationary measures. It's a different picture for the European Central Bank, where markets see zero chance of a cut, but this is also seen as a positive sign as the governing council said policy is in a "good place" in their last set of minutes. higher each time expectations rise for a cut at the next Federal Reserve meeting in December, with a near-83% chance of a reduction now expected by markets, according to CME Fedwatch. Compass also suggests long-term holders could sell down their holdings due to the "halving" schedule, which happens every four years and "programmatically cuts in half the amount of rewards individuals get for mining new tokens on the bitcoin blockchain." Why the pressure on bitcoin may linger into year-end Whether you believe in the Santa Rally or not, December will cap a fascinating year for asset classes across the globe, and make 2026 predictions tough to call.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/30/stockton-california-shooting/
Article: At least four people were killed and 10 wounded in a shooting Saturday in Stockton, California, the San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office said, on a city block that contains a children’s theater, a Dairy Queen ice cream shop and a martial arts academy. Stockton is better than this,” she said in a live broadcast, adding, “Families should be together instead of at the hospital standing next to their loved one, praying that they survive.” The shooting happened at a banquet hall during a family gathering, the Associated Press reported, citing San Joaquin County Sheriff’s Office Public Information Officer Heather Brent. Gavin Newsom has been briefed on the shooting, his office said in a social media post, calling the incident “horrific.” Jason Lee, the vice mayor of Stockton, said that the shooting took place at a “child’s birthday party” and that he is “devastated and angry” about the incident.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pope-leo-xiv-pray-armenian-cathedral-istanbul-turkish-127974950
Article: Pope Leo XIV plans to pray at an Armenian Apostolic cathedral in Istanbul in a gesture supporting Christian unity and Christian minorities in Turkey Archbishop Sahak II Mashalian, Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople, leads Sunday Mass at the Surp Asdvadzadzin Patriarchal Church in Istanbul, Turkey, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Khalil Hamra) ANKARA, Turkey -- ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Pope Leo XIV is set to pray at the Armenian Apostolic Cathedral in Istanbul on Sunday in a gesture of support for Christian unity and Christian minorities in Turkey. Beyond its ecumenical symbolism, the visit also may signal quiet support of ongoing efforts to heal century-old wounds between Turkey and Armenia, long scarred by mass killings and decades of mistrust, observers note. Pope Francis did not visit any Armenian sites during his visit to Turkey in 2014, but on his way to the airport before departing he made an unscripted stop at a hospital where the ailing Armenian Patriach Mesrob II was being treated. A year later, Francis drew Ankara's ire by referring to the slaughter of Armenians during the Ottoman era as “the first genocide of the 20th century.” He later visited Armenia where he again used the term genocide. His visit comes as Turkey and Armenia appear to be moving closer toward a normalization of their ties and the pontiff's visit is likely to lend support to those efforts, said Richard Giragosian, the founding director of the Regional Studies Center based in Yerevan, Armenia. “More than just the symbolic importance of bringing the Vatican closer to the Armenian Church in terms of the eastern religion outreach, (the visit) is also, in some ways, promoting Armenia-Turkish normalization,” Giragosian said. Leo arrived in Turkey on Thursday on his first foreign visit to mark the 1,700th anniversary of the Council of Nicaea, now the town of Iznik, where the united Christian Church agreed on a shared creed of faith. He later told a group of Turkish journalists in Yerevan that pursuing international recognition of the genocide is not among his government’s priorities, while emphasizing the genocide is an “indisputable fact” for Armenians. On Sunday, Leo will arrive at the Armenian Apostolic Cathedral for a service steeped in the church’s traditions, with some 500 Armenian worshipers in attendance, said Garo Vram Babayan, spokesman for the Armenian patriarchate in Istanbul. Leo's visit is one of several encounters in Turkey and Lebanon with the Armenian Christian faithful in a recognition of its deep roots in the region, Vatican spokesman Matteo Bruni said. “Clearly, the Armenian presence in Istanbul is an ancient one, a deeply rooted presence, a presence that is also evident in all the meetings held over the various days,” he told reporters. “During this trip, especially at such a stage — when there are developments aimed at ‘normalization’ between Turkey and Armenia — I absolutely do not think he will emphasize such a sensitive issue,” Ziflioglu said. Another Yerevan resident, 31-year-old Maria Petrosyan, said Leo’s visit to the Armenian church “cannot be of great global importance” but stated she values the pontiff maintaining dialogue with different churches. Archimandrite Barouyr Shernezian, the dean of the Armenian Theological Seminary of the Catholicosate in Lebanon, also welcomed Leo’s visit, saying it would show Turkey is part of the heritage of many ancient Christian denominations, including the Armenian Church. The agreement followed a conference at a Pontifical university in April co-organized by the Azerbaijani government that outraged Armenian Christian and civic groups, which accused Azerbaijan of rewriting history about the Armenian presence in the region.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hondurans-elect-new-president-close-race-shadow-trumps-127974778
Article: Donald Trump’s unexpected involvement in the race Hondurans to elect new president in close race under the shadow of Trump's surprise intervention FILE - National Party presidential candidate Nasry Asfura poses for a selfie with a supporter, after voting at a polling station in the general elections in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Nov. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo, File) FILE - National Party presidential candidate Nasry Asfura poses for a selfie with a supporter, after voting at a polling station in the general elections in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Nov. They are Rixi Moncada, 60, who served as finance and later as defense secretary in the current administration of President Xiomara Castro before leaving to run for president for the social democrat LIBRE or Liberty and Re-foundation party; Salvador Nasralla, who is making his fourth bid for the presidency, this time as the candidate for the conservative Liberal Party; and former Tegucigalpa Mayor Nasry “Tito” Asfura, who carries the mantle of the also conservative National Party.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hong-kong-mourns-deadly-fire-claims-128-lives-127974496
Article: A devastating fire in a Hong Kong apartment complex has killed at least 128 people A woman lays flowers near the site of the deadly Wednesday fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) A woman lays flowers near the site of the deadly Wednesday fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Saturday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) HONG KONG -- A steady stream of people placed bouquets of white roses, carnations, lilies and other flowers Sunday at a makeshift memorial outside the blackened buildings of a Hong Kong apartment complex that went up in flames, killing at least 128 people in one of the city's deadliest blazes. There has been an outpouring of support and sympathy, with thousands of city residents visiting the site of the fire to pay tribute to the dead and donate supplies to those who lost everything in the blaze, which started Wednesday and took until Friday to fully extinguish. The eight buildings of the Wang Fuk Court complex in the suburb of Tai Po had all been clad in bamboo scaffolding draped with nylon netting for renovations, with windows covered by polystyrene panels, and authorities are now investigating whether fire codes were violated. Hong Kong officials announced late Saturday they had ordered the immediate suspension of work on 28 building projects undertaken by the same contractor, the Prestige Construction & Engineering Company, for safety audits. “The Building Department’s decision to temporarily suspend the works on the 28 projects managed by PC & E was due to a lack of confidence in its ability to ensure site safety,” the government said in a statement. “The five alarm fire at Wang Fuk Court, Tai Po, exposed serious deficiencies of PC & E in site safety management, including the extensive use of foam boards to block up windows during building repairs,” it added. Those three were released on bail but then re-arrested by Hong Kong’s anti-corruption authorities, who have also arrested a further eight suspects including scaffolding subcontractors, directors of an engineering consulting company and the renovation project managers. Preliminary investigations showed the fire started Wednesday afternoon on a lower-level scaffolding net of one of the buildings, and then spread rapidly inside as the foam panels caught fire and blew out windows, according to Chris Tang, Hong Kong's secretary for security. First responders found that some fire alarms in the complex, which housed many older people, did not sound when tested, according to Andy Yeung, the director of Hong Kong Fire Services, which is also part of the investigation. “Far from her native home, she had made innumerable sacrifices to provide a better life for her family,” the Consulate General said in a Saturday statement confirming the Filipino woman's death.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thousands-philippines-protest-corruption-demand-return-stolen-funds-127975130
Article: Thousands of demonstrators including from the dominant Roman Catholic church clergy are protesting in the Philippines, calling for the swift prosecution of top legislators and officials implicated in a corruption scandal that has buffeted the Asian dem... MANILA, Philippines -- Thousands of demonstrators including from the Roman Catholic church clergy protested in the Philippines on Sunday, calling for the swift prosecution of top legislators and officials implicated in a corruption scandal that has buffeted the Asian democracy. In a deeply divided democracy where two presidents have been separately overthrown in the last 39 years partly over allegations of plunder, there have been isolated calls for the military to withdraw support from the Marcos administration. The Armed Forces of the Philippines has steadfastly rejected such calls and welcomed on Sunday a statement signed by at least 88 mostly retired generals, including three military chiefs of staff, who said they “strongly condemn and reject any call for the Armed Forces of the Philippines to engage in unconstitutional acts or military adventurism.” “The unified voice of our retired and active leaders reaffirms that the Armed Forces of the Philippines remains a pillar of stability and a steadfast guardian of democracy,” the military said in a statement. Roman Catholic churches across the country helped lead Sunday’s anti-corruption protests in their districts, with the main daylong rally being held at a pro-democracy “people power” monument along EDSA highway in the capital region. A protester wore a shirt with a blunt message: “No mercy for the greedy.” Since Marcos first raised alarm over the flood control anomalies in his state of the nation address before Congress in July, at least seven public works officers have been jailed for illegal use of public funds and other graft charges in one flood control project anomaly alone. On Friday, Henry Alcantara, a former government engineer who has acknowledged under oath in Senate inquiry hearings his involvement in the anomalies, returned 110 million pesos ($1.9 million) in kickbacks that justice officials said he stole and promised to return more in a few weeks. Protesters in Sunday’s rallies said many more officials, including implicated senators and House of Representatives members, should be jailed sooner and ordered to return the funds they stole and used to finance fleets of private jets and luxury cars, mansions and extravagant lifestyles.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/suspect-national-guard-attack-struggled-dark-isolation-community-127975115
Article: Attorney’s Office via AP) The Afghan man accused of gunning down two National Guard members blocks from the White House last week had been unraveling for years, unable to hold a job and flipping between long, lightless stretches of isolation and taking sudden weeks-long cross-country drives. Emails obtained by The Associated Press reveal mounting warnings about the suspect, Rahmanullah Lakanwal, an asylum seeker whose erratic conduct raised alarms long before the attack that jolted the nation's capital on the eve of Thanksgiving. Even so, when the community member who works with Afghan families in Washington state saw on the news that Lakanwal was named as the suspect in the National Guard shooting, they said they were stunned, unable to square the violence with the memory of seeing Lakanwal play with his young sons. He resettled with his wife and their five sons, all under the age of 12, in Bellingham, Washington — but struggled, according to the community member, who shared emails that had been sent to the U.S. The emails described a man who was struggling to assimilate, unable to hold a steady job or commit to his English courses while he alternated between “periods of dark isolation and reckless travel." Sometimes, he spent weeks in his “darkened room, not speaking to anyone, not even his wife or older kids.” At one point in 2023, the family faced eviction after months of not paying rent. The community member said in an interview that they became worried that Lakanwal was so depressed that he would end up harming himself, but they did not see any indication that he would commit violence against another person. But then, there were “interim” weeks where Lakanwal would try to make amends and “do the right things,” according to the email, re-engaging with the Washington State Department of Social and Health Services as was mandated by the terms of his entry into the U.S. attorney in Washington, D.C., said this past week that Lakanwal drove across the country from Bellingham, about 80 miles (130 kilometers) north of Seattle, to the nation's capital to execute his attack. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants or USCRI, visited Bellingham a few weeks later in March 2024 and attempted to make contact with Lakanwal and his family, according to the community member, who, after not receiving any updates, was left with the impression that he refused their assistance.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/rubio-witkoff-meeting-ukraines-negotiators-florida-trump-pushes-127974827
Article: -- Top Trump administration officials are meeting Ukrainian negotiators in Florida this weekend, pushing to broker an end to Russia's war in Ukraine and setting the stage for key talks planned this week in Moscow with Russian leader Vladimir Putin. Secretary of State Marco Rubio, Special Envoy Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner, the son-in-law of President Donald Trump, were expected to sit down with a Ukrainian delegation to further hash out the details of a proposed peace framework — talks that come at a sensitive moment for Ukraine as it continues to push back against Russian forces that invaded the country in 2022. On Friday just before the Florida sit-down, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced the resignation of his powerful chief of staff, Andrii Yermak, who up until that point had been the country’s lead negotiator in talks with the U.S. It was only a week ago that Rubio had met with Yermak in Geneva, with each side saying the talks had been positive in putting together a revised peace plan. The plan — which Trump has since downplayed as a “concept” or a “map” to be “fine-tuned” — would also impose limits on the size of Ukraine's military, block the country from joining NATO, and require Ukraine to hold elections in 100 days.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/thousands-rally-in-philippines-demanding-marcos-resign-over-graft-scandal?traffic_source=rss
Article: Manila, Philippines – Thousands of people have gathered in the Philippine capital, Manila, demanding President Ferdinand Marcos Jr’s resignation over a corruption scandal linked to government spending on flood-control infrastructure. The march, organised by the Kilusang Bayan Kontra-Kurakot or the People’s Movement Against Corruption (KBKK), began at the Luneta National Park in Manila on Sunday, with protesters expected to march on to the presidential palace. Two cabinet ministers have resigned over the scandal, while a former lawmaker accused in the case, Zaldy Co, has alleged that Marcos directed him to add $1.7bn to the budget for “dubious public works” while he headed an appropriations committee. If we want real justice, we need Marcos and [Vice President Sara] Duterte to resign.” Advertisement Duterte, the daughter of former President Rodrigo Duterte, who has fallen out with Marcos, is facing separate allegations over the misuse of government funds. Earlier this month, Co, the former lawmaker, claimed that Marcos obtained more than 50 billion pesos ($852m) in kickbacks from infrastructure projects since 2022, and ordered the insertion of 100 billion pesos ($1.7bn) for so-called “ghost projects” in the 2025 budget. With or without Co’s accusations, Raymond Palatino of the Bagong Alyansang Makabayan (New Patriotic Alliance) or Bayan, one of the groups in the KBKK, said the president bears an undeniable responsibility for fraudulent public spending. “He feigns surprise over the extent of corruption, but he drafted, signed, and implemented the budget, a budget infested with pork barrel projects and anomalous insertions,” Palatino told Al Jazeera.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c5y90l4nnlyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: England are 1-0 behind in the five-match series after defeat in Perth and will attempt to level the series from Thursday at the Gabba - a ground where they have not won since 1986. I don't think so, but it doesn't mean it shouldn't be here either." Australia's solitary defeat in a pink-ball Test came in their previous day-nighter at the Gabba, a shock loss to West Indies last year. Though the Ashes schedule has changed for this tour – Adelaide is the third Test in the series and played in the day time - the pink-ball Test has remained on the calendar. By beginning the series in Perth, in the west-coast time zone, and following with a day-nighter in Brisbane, the series opens with two matches suitable for prime-time TV viewing on the east coast of Australia.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/ramping-pressure-trump-venezuela-airspace-considered-closed/story?id=127970295
Article: President Donald Trump announced Saturday that the airspace above and surrounding Venezuela should be considered "closed in its entirety." "To all Airlines, Pilots, Drug Dealers, and Human Traffickers, please consider THE AIRSPACE ABOVE AND SURROUNDING VENEZUELA TO BE CLOSED IN ITS ENTIRETY," Trump posted, giving no further details about potential action from the U.S. Alex Brandon/AP Last week, the Federal Aviation Administration warned major airlines about a "potentially hazardous" situation in the skies over Venezuela, citing "worsening security" and "heightened military activity" that could threaten aircraft at all altitudes. In response to Trump's post, the Venezuelan Foreign Ministry released a statement, calling it "a hostile, unilateral, and arbitrary act, incompatible with the most basic principles of International Law." The statement called on the UN and international community to "firmly reject this immoral act of aggression," which it said "amounts to a threat against the sovereignty and security of our Homeland, the Caribbean, and northern South America." People walk across a street as others shop at a market, after U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday that the airspace above and around Venezuela would be closed entirely, amid rising tensions between the Trump administration and the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas, Venezuela, November 29, 2025. back to Venezuela, saying Trump's announcement "unilaterally suspended the Venezuelan migrant flights that were regularly and weekly being carried out." Trump's announcement came two days after a call with service members on Thanksgiving, during which he said land action against alleged drug traffickers in Venezuela would be starting "very soon." "You probably noticed that people aren't wanting to be delivering by sea, and we'll be starting to stop them by land. Also the land is easier, but that's going to start very soon," Trump said, adding "We warned them: stop sending poison to our country." Trump has been ramping up military pressure on Venezuela with a massive show of force in the Caribbean Sea, including deploying the USS Gerald Ford, the largest and most lethal carrier in the world. Tim Kaine, who has criticized the Trump administration's Caribbean campaign, called the decision to pardon the former Honduran president "a disgusting and incomprehensible decision by Trump, and Americans whose lives have been destroyed by narcotraffickers like ...

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/30/messi-inter-miami-defeat-new-york-to-reach-first-mls-cup-final?traffic_source=rss
Article: Inter Miami coach Javier Mascherano hailed Lionel Messi as “extraordinary” after the Argentinian superstar steered the club into their first Major League Soccer (MLS) Cup final with a 5-1 thrashing of New York City FC on Saturday. A Tadeo Allende hat-trick and goals from Mateo Silvetti and Telasco Segovia sent a revitalised Miami roaring into the championship game next Saturday at their home field in Fort Lauderdale. While Messi did not get on the scoresheet, the 38-year-old provided a crucial, classy assist for Miami’s third goal scored by Silvetti that killed off the game as New York chased an equaliser. Vancouver, spearheaded by former Germany and Bayern Munich star Thomas Muller, advanced to the final with a superb 3-1 victory over San Diego in California on Saturday to claim the Western Conference crown. Messi and his teammates will head into the final bristling with confidence after another ruthless, high-scoring demolition job that followed on from their 4-0 drubbing of FC Cincinnati in the previous round. Advertisement The 26-year-old Argentinian forward opened the scoring in the 14th minute after cleverly springing the New York offside trap and then headed in a superb second to make it 2-0. New York rallied back with a headed Justin Haak goal in the 37th minute and came within a whisker of an equaliser when Julian Fernandez forced a fine one-handed save from Miami goalkeeper Rocco Rios Novo in the 66th minute. Miami immediately swept upfield and a flowing move saw Rodrigo De Paul and Jordi Alba combine before Messi slipped a pass to Silvetti who rifled home to make it 3-1. The victory leaves Miami just one win away from completing a remarkable transformation after a season that appeared to be unravelling in disarray earlier in the campaign, following a string of defeats. “We strengthened as a group and reached the end of the season with a brotherhood within the team, where everyone pulls together, and it doesn’t matter who starts,” Mascherano said. “We are a group, and the power of a group is unbreakable.” Meanwhile, Vancouver – who thumped Miami 5-1 on aggregrate when they met in the CONCACAF Champions Cup semifinals in April – signalled that they will be ready to take on the star-studded Florida outfit with a masterful display to beat San Diego. More relentless Vancouver pressure forced an own goal from San Diego goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega three minutes later, and a second White goal on the stroke of half-time made it 3-0. But Vancouver continued to look the likelier team to score, and Sisniega was shown a red card for bringing down Ryan Gauld when the Whitecaps player rounded him to go in on goal.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/china-factory-activity-edges-up-in-november-but-remains-in-contraction.html
Article: - | Afp | Getty Images China's factory activity edged higher in November but remained stuck in contraction for the eighth consecutive month, while services weakened as the boost from earlier holidays faded, according to official data released Sunday. The non-manufacturing business activity index fell to 49.5, down 0.6 points from October, while the composite PMI output index eased to 49.7, indicating a slight pullback in both manufacturing and services activities. Supply and demand in manufacturing improved modestly, said Huo Lihui, chief statistician at the bureau's Service Industry Survey Center, with the production index reaching the 50 threshold and new orders rising to 49.2. Service-sector activity fell to 49.5, down 0.6 percentage points from October, though pockets of strength remained: railway transportation, telecommunications, broadcasting and satellite transmission, and financial services all posted readings above 55.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/polish-magicians-glass-create-christmas-baubles-clients-worldwide-127976411
Article: The Polish 'magicians of glass' who create Christmas baubles for clients worldwide CZĘSTOCHOWA, Poland -- If you could design a bauble for your own Christmas tree, what would it be — a teddy bear dressed as a ballerina, a hummingbird, or a crimson phoenix? “In an age when you can buy anything anywhere for next to nothing, something made from scratch here in a European country, with honest work and thoughtfulness, is truly valued by customers,” company owner Barbara Mostowska told The Associated Press. “They produced glass cigarette holders, then ‘eprouvettes’ — I think that’s the word — tiny bottles for cake flavors,” Barbara Mostowska said, fondly reminiscing about how the workshop operated when she was a child. On its website, the firm also draws from the history of the town, where a local monastery holds the icon of the Black Madonna, an important object of Catholic devotion since the 14th century. It is Mostowska's dream that the ornaments won't just be displayed on the Christmas, but instead “our customers have them in their homes, whether on hangers or in display cases, year-round.” The company’s products are “jewelry for the home,” she said. To create a unique design, GlitterLab workers take a client’s drawing on paper and turn it at first into a soft clay sculpture, which can be modified until the client’s vision is accurately represented. I couldn’t ask for a greater reward.” The designers work not only with glass but with materials like resin, wood, crystals, and metal, enabling them to craft shapes that go beyond conventional baubles. “These Teddy Bears are a time machine to a happy childhood when nothing tasted as sweet as candy floss licked straight from sticky fingers.” Amid a heavy reality, a return to childhood and the joy of play may be precisely what Christmas calls for.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/kyrgyzstan-holds-snap-parliamentary-vote-opposition-faces-crackdown-127976258
Article: (AP Photo/Vladimir Voronin) A Kyrgyz Army soldier casts his ballot during the parliamentary elections at a polling station in Tash-Dobo, 19 km (11 miles) south of Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Vladimir Voronin) Polls opened in the Central Asian republic of Kyrgyzstan on Sunday in a snap parliamentary election amid the arrests of opposition figures and the closure of independent media outlets. The vote is being held a year earlier than scheduled, a move that officials have justified by arguing that the parliamentary elections would otherwise fall too close to the 2027 presidential elections. Analysts say candidates loyal to Zhaparov are likely to succeed thanks to the rapidly growing economy over which the Kyrgyz leader presides, fueled in part by Kyrgyzstan’s role in circumventing sanctions against Russia. Kyrgyzstan, one of the poorest countries to emerge from the former Soviet Union, is a member of Russia-dominated economic and security alliances, hosts a Russian air base and depends on Moscow’s economic support.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sumatra-residents-loot-food-water-after-deadly-floods-127976068
Article: Authorities report that some residents of flood-hit Sumatra have resorted to looting, seeking food and water People use flood water to remove mud from clothings at a village hit by a flash flood in Batang Toru, North Sumatra, Indonesia, Saturday, Nov. “(Residents) didn’t know that aid would come and were worried they would starve.” Eleven helicopters were deployed from Jakarta to the affected areas the day after the disaster for ongoing logistics distribution operations, especially to the deepest areas and areas where land access was cut off, Cabinet Secretary Teddy Indra Wijaya, said on Sunday, “but unpredictable weather often hampers aid operations.” The Cabinet Secretariat released footage of the military air dropping supplies on the affected areas. Indonesia, home to more than 280 million people, is frequently struck by earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and tsunamis due to its location on the “Ring of Fire,” an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/swiss-voters-women-male-citizens-national-service-127975978
Article: Swiss voters are deciding whether women should be required to do national service like men Swiss voters consider whether women, like all male citizens, must do national service A person walks by referendum posters of political parties and associations as Swiss voters are casting ballots to decide whether women, like men, must do national service in the military, civil protection teams or in other forms, in Geneva, Switzerland, on Nov. (Martial Trezzini/Keystone via AP) A person walks by referendum posters of political parties and associations as Swiss voters are casting ballots to decide whether women, like men, must do national service in the military, civil protection teams or in other forms, in Geneva, Switzerland, on Nov. (Martial Trezzini/Keystone via AP) GENEVA -- Swiss voters are casting ballots to decide whether women, like men, must do national service in the military, civil protection teams or in other forms. Supporters of the “citizen service initiative” in the referendum ending Sunday hope it will boost social cohesion by adding jobs in areas like environmental prevention, food security and elderly care. The vote gives an indication of how a European populace views mandatory national duty, at a time when there are worries about the possible spillover of Russia’s war in Ukraine and other potential disruptions. “By proposing a national service for all young people, the initiative responds to exactly what we need: that everybody takes responsibility to work for a stronger Switzerland that's able to stand up to crises,” they added. The initiative would require all Swiss citizens to do national service — women can currently do so on a voluntary basis — and apply the concept of national security to areas beyond military service or civil protection.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/covet-italian-masterpiece-shy-millions-digital-copy-supercar-127976445
Article: Italian cultural officials are offering digital copies of Italian masterpieces as part of a new project to help museums raise money Covet an Italian masterpiece, but shy of the millions? How about a digital copy at supercar prices Primo Maronati holds a certificate next to a digital version of Leonardo Da Vinci's portrait, "La Scapiliata, Lady with Disheveled Hair," at the Brera Art Gallery in Milan, Italy, Monday, Nov. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni) Primo Maronati holds a certificate next to a digital version of Leonardo Da Vinci's portrait, "La Scapiliata, Lady with Disheveled Hair," at the Brera Art Gallery in Milan, Italy, Monday, Nov. Now, Italian cultural officials are making it possible to purchase a limited edition, certified digital copy of the Renaissance genius’ “Lady with Disheveled Hair’’ for roughly the price of a Lamborghini. The Italian nonprofit Save the Artistic Heritage with its technical partner Cinello are providing well-heeled collectors the possibility of owning a literal projection of original Italian masterpieces, sized and framed to match the museum experience. We want to sell a piece of artwork,'' said John Blem, the Italian-born Danish entrepreneur who founded the initiative and who serves as chairman of Cinello and vice president of the nonprofit. Over the last two years, Save the Artistic Heritage has contributed 300,000 euros ($347,000) to its Italian museum partners, with prices of the digital masterpieces ranging from 30,000 euros to 300,000 euros. The catalog of some 250 Italian artworks comes from about 10 Italian museums and foundations, including the Pinacoteca Ambrosiana in Milan, the Capodimonte in Naples and the Pilotta in Parma, which owns Leonardo's unfinished painting on wood of a woman with windblown hair, which sold for 250,000 euros (nearly $290,000). The digital artworks appear backlit on screens sized to match their originals, the luminescent effect bordering on Technicolor for such brightly colored masterpieces as Raffaelo's “The Marriage of the Virgin,'' which hangs in Milan's Brera Art Gallery. “I must say that the digital copy of ‘The Marriage of the Virgin' has aroused in me and all those who have seen it a great deal of interest,'' said Angelo Crespi, the Brera Art Gallery's director. … When they get close, people can see that it's a digital copy on a screen.” Digital technology has been gaining ground in the art space, including digital canvases and even TV sets that display rotating artworks and photographs. The Van Gogh museum in Amsterdam has experimented on two limited-time projects: textured, multidimensional scans of selected masterpieces in its Relievo partnership with Fujifilm and the “Meet Vincent Van Gogh” interactive experience seen by more than 1 million people globally. Andrews art history department, said Save the Artistic Heritage's project falls in a long tradition of Italian institutions using copies of artwork to help support their activities and preserve their collections. “Italian museums, bodies, have been at the forefront of these technologies,'' he said, citing the Alinari Archive in Florence, a collection of over 5 million photographic materials dating from the mid-1800s, and the Vatican Museums, which collaborated on ultra-high-resolution digital photography to create a detailed record of the Sistine Chapel. The Brera museum last week launched another phase with Save the Artistic Heritage, with a second series of nine artworks that can be used to woo donors and for promotional purposes, reinforcing the fundraising mission. “They are creating a system that allows anyone who buys an artwork to contribute to the museum.'' The digital copies are projected onto screens sized to scale with original artworks in replica frames. In a next phase, Blem hopes to be able to support so-called digital exhibitions of masterpieces that are only rarely if ever put on loan, bringing them to far-flung and remote places where access to museum quality exhibitions are rare.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mkkt66?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Available for over a year Today, Laura and Paddy look at claims that Rachel Reeves misled the public after it emerged that she knew the outlook for the government’s finances had improved before giving a downcast pre-Budget speech. Luke Sullivan, Keir Starmer's former political director, is also in the Newscast studio to give his assessment on those accusations, and how the budget has been received inside the Labour Party. If you're in the UK, for more News and Current Affairs podcasts from the BBC, listen on BBC Sounds: https://bbc.in/4guXgXd Newscast brings you daily analysis of the latest political news stories from the BBC.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/clyd4j4gyn4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Historically, to win the title a team needs to average a +1 non-penalty expected goals (npXG) difference per game - meaning you are creating substantially more chances than you concede on a consistent basis. "They are defensively the best team and top of the league and Champions league, so they are the team to beat." There are obvious stylistic similarities between the two teams - both play a patient possession style featuring high pressing. Despite Arsenal conceding only one fewer set-piece goal than Chelsea - three compared to four - they have the second-best xG against (2.04) when defending such situations, while Chelsea are the second-worst (6.40).

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/russia-launches-deadly-strike-kyiv-zelenskyy-travels-dc/story?id=127976448
Article: Russia launches deadly strike on Kyiv as Zelenskyy travels to US for talks A fire burns at a residential building after a Russian attack in Vyshgorod, outside of Kyiv, Ukraine, early Sunday, Nov. LONDON and KHARKIV, Ukraine -- Russia launched overnight a deadly aerial strike on the Ukrainian capital, killing at least one person, injuring 19 others and damaging residential buildings, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine said early on Sunday. "Russia struck the city with drones, damaging numerous residential buildings." Firefighters gather outside a residential building that was damaged following a Russian drone attack on the city of Vyshhorod, in the Kyiv region early on Nov. Roman Pilipey/AFP via Getty Images The attack came as Zelenskyy and his top advisers traveled to the United States for high-stakes talks with the Trump administration over its proposed plan for peace between Russian and Ukraine. Efrem Lukatsky/AP Zelenskyy on Sunday morning said Russia launched a total in the last week of about 1,400 drones and 66 missiles, as well as over a thousand aerial bombs, against Ukraine, underlining the scale of Russia’s increased air campaign as peace talks go on.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/pope-leo-taking-peace-message-to-lebanon-target-of-israeli-strikes.html
Article: Pope Leo travels to Lebanon on Sunday, where he is expected to appeal for peace in a country that is a continued target of Israeli air strikes, on the second and final leg of his first overseas trip as leader of the Catholic Church. Lebanon, which has the largest share of Christians in the Middle East, has been rocked by the spillover of the Gaza conflict, as Israel and the Lebanese Shi'ite Muslim militant group Hezbollah went to war, culminating in a devastating Israeli offensive. Leaders in Lebanon, which hosts 1 million Syrian and Palestinian refugees and is also struggling to recover from years of economic crisis, are worried Israel will dramatically escalate its strikes in coming months.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/kyrgyzstan-votes-in-snap-parliamentary-election-with-no-opposition?traffic_source=rss
Article: Western-style approach ‘did not work’ Edil Baisalov, Kyrgyzstan’s deputy prime minister and an ally of Japarov, said the president’s popularity was partly based on rejecting the turbulence of previous decades, which he said had not improved living standards or offered stability. But it did not work, and it will not work.” Advertisement Baisalov said the media crackdown, under which independent journalists have been designated “extremists”, was required to protect Kyrgyzstan from what he said were negative sentiments fanned by foreign social media platforms. Bolot Ibragimov, an opposition candidate seeking election in the capital, Bishkek, said he expected about 80 percent of the parliament, which is dominated by allies of Japarov, to be re-elected. Japarov, who has backed banning online pornography and the return of the death penalty, is also bolstered by strong economic growth, the fastest in Central Asia, even as high inflation and electricity shortages erode living standards. Economic experts say much of the boom is the result of Kyrgyzstan, which is in a customs union with Russia, becoming a key clearinghouse for imports to Russia redirected by sanctions over the war in Ukraine.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/neighbourhoods-buried-under-mud-sri-lanka-floods-death-toll-rises-to-159?traffic_source=rss
Article: At least 193 people have been confirmed dead across Sri Lanka as authorities continue to battle rising floodwaters in parts of the capital after a powerful cyclone left a trail of destruction. More heavy rains brought on by Cyclone Ditwah are expected across the island nation in the coming days, the Disaster Management Centre (DMC) said on Sunday, adding that more than 220 people remain missing. Sri Lanka’s Daily Mirror publication reported on Sunday that among those missing were five Navy personnel who were last seen trying to cut off overflowing water at a Naval sub-station in Chalai Lagoon, northeast of the country. “Communication has also broken down, and there are some areas that have yet to send updates.” In other areas, newly planted rice was submerged in water due to relentless rain, Fernandez added.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/anger-simmers-over-hong-kong-deadly-blaze-as-beijing-warns-against-disruption.html
Article: Anger over a deadly blaze at a Hong Kong high-rise apartment complex simmered on Sunday as Beijing warned against attempts to use the disaster to disrupt the city, while people across the financial hub continued to mourn for the more than 128 vicitms. Police on Saturday detained one person who was part of a group that launched a petition demanding government accountability, an independent probe into possible corruption, proper resettlement for residents, and a review of construction oversight, two sources familiar with the matter said. University student Miles Kwan, 24, was arrested on suspicion of trying to incite sedition in relation to the blaze in the Wang Fuk Court complex in the northern Tai Po district, the South China Morning Post reported.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/30/yamal-olmo-score-goals-as-barcelona-rallies-to-beat-alaves?traffic_source=rss
Article: Barcelona recovered from an early setback to secure a 3-1 victory over Alaves in La Liga on Saturday, with first-half goals from Lamine Yamal and Dani Olmo and a late second for the latter sealing the win at the Nou Camp. The triumph lifts last year’s champions to the top of the standings on 34 points, two ahead of second-placed Real Madrid, who have a game in hand at Girona on Sunday. In their second match back at the partially renovated Nou Camp after two and a half years of redevelopment, Barcelona overcame a shaky start amid uncharacteristic scenes of long pre-match ticketing delays that left the stadium half-empty at kickoff. Barcelona defender Marc Bernal misjudged a corner, allowing Ibanez to pounce on the loose ball inside the six-yard box and neatly slot it into the net with his first touch. Raphinha was instrumental again in the 26th with another assist, this time for Olmo, who expertly curled the ball home first-time from inside the box as the Blaugrana went ahead. Advertisement Yamal was inches away from doubling his tally in the 44th minute after receiving a brilliant pass from Robert Lewandowski, but his effort hit the post with the goal gaping.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c93wnyxjkxko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The thieves broke into the farm overnight into Monday, cutting a border fence before breaking into farm buildings, but a complaint was only filed with police later in the week, news site Franceinfo reported. L'Escargot Des Grands Crus in Bouzy, near Reims, said it had been robbed of its entire stock of fresh and frozen snails - a "real blow" ahead of the holiday season. It went on to describe the incident as "a shock, an incomprehension, and a real blow to the entire team", adding: "We are trying our best to replenish our stocks to satisfy you for the holidays." The farm has supplied restaurants including the Michelin-starred Les Crayères in Reims, as well as delicatessens and private clients, Franceinfo reports.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5610951/fake-ai-videos-slop-quiz
Article: "We're being overrun by slop," said Mike Caulfield, a co-author of the book Verified: How to Think Straight, Get Duped Less, and Make Better Decisions about What to Believe Online. "It just floods the zone and at some point your mental faculties are just exhausted." But Caulfield and other experts say you don't need to give in to despair, at least not yet. "It's not that someone's going to believe a fake video, it's that people won't believe real videos." Koltai and others say it's especially important to carefully consider videos that might provoke a strong emotional response or run contrary to your beliefs. Do pay attention to some simple features of the video AI-generated videos are already excellent and improving quickly, said Hany Farid, a professor at the University of California, Berkeley who studies manipulated media. While it is possible to cobble together a longer video with a bunch of short cuts, "when you see those little bite-sized videos, it's a good indication that you should take a breath." Length isn't the only thing; AI-generated videos tend to perfectly frame their subject, said Farid. "It might be easy to fake a video but it's hard to get into a time machine and build yourself ten years of history talking about Chicago hot dogs," Caulfield said. Sponsor Message Don't feel like you have to share it, especially if you have doubts Finally, all three researchers agree that in an age where algorithms reward speed over accuracy, sharing is not really caring. Many people might not think it matters whether you share an AI video of bunnies jumping on a trampoline, or a cat snatching a snake from its owner's bed, but experts agree that it does.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/war-in-sudan-humanitarian-fighting-control-developments-november-2025?traffic_source=rss
Article: Click here to share on social media The humanitarian situation in Sudan remains dire as the country’s army – the Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) – remains locked in a devastating conflict with the paramilitary, Rapid Support Forces (RSF). The generals leading the two sides, both accused of committing war crimes and crimes against humanity in the resource-rich Northeast African nation, show no real signs of yielding to international calls for a ceasefire. Fighting and military control The RSF has been killing civilians and solidifying its control over the West Darfur state after taking over el-Fasher, the last remaining army stronghold in the region, in late October. The RSF has set its sights on Babnusa and el-Obeid, strategic cities that offer a vital military advantage as they provide a route to Khartoum and an economic edge as they are rich in agricultural, livestock and petroleum resources. Army soldiers celebrated their takeovers of Kazqil and Um Dam Haj Ahmed in North Kordofan in mid-November, and have been holding on to territory in central Sudan as international stakeholders push for a ceasefire that could potentially freeze battle lines. Humanitarian crisis Witnesses and international aid agencies working on the ground in Darfur recounted widespread horrific instances of atrocities committed by the RSF in the aftermath of its bloody takeover of el-Fasher. Thousands more Sudanese civilians were forced to run to neighbouring Chad, where the humanitarian situation is faring no better, and agencies are working to assist people amid depleting UN finances. Satellite images showed that the RSF systematically burned and buried a large number of bodies in mass graves across multiple areas of el-Fasher to hide what a Sudanese nongovernmental medical organisation called a “genocide”. Amy Pope, director general of the UN’s International Organization for Migration, said Sudan has the world’s largest displacement crisis and that it does not get the attention it deserves despite mostly affecting children and women.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2025/11/30/consumer-high-prices-economy/
Article: Inflation was a defining issue of the 2024 election and helped propel Donald Trump’s return to the White House after he promised to bring down consumer prices the day he took office. But a year later, it’s a drag on his approval ratings: 59 percent of Americans give Trump either a great deal or a good amount of blame for the current rate of inflation, according to a Washington Post-ABC News-Ipsos poll. “Under no circumstances should somebody try to make that happen.” What might actually work Data released late last month shows annual inflation inching up to 3 percent in September, higher than the 2 percent rate preferred by the Federal Reserve, the main inflation-fighting body. Despite his repeated claims that the import duties would not affect retail prices, the cost of many everyday products has climbed, particularly on food products not grown in the United States. But they’re unlikely to fully erase any tariff-related increase even if Trump rescinds the import duties — in part because they may be uncertain about when the tariffs will return, given Trump’s frequent swings in policy. The tariff rollback, Colyar said, “is an acknowledgment that tariffs aren’t helping.” But neither is it a “silver bullet.” Colyar does think government policy could reduce prices in two major areas: housing and health care. If we’re in a position where we start to see deflation, it’s because things are going seriously, seriously, seriously wrong [and] people are really, really broke,” said Lindsay Owens, who runs the liberal group Groundwork Collaborative. “Some of how things become more affordable is you get some more income, and all of a sudden you can cover the rent and have a little left over … Policymakers need to be much more aggressive about bending the cost curve and trying to stop the bleeding when they can.” Owens also noted that the economy has been fragmenting. The pace at which prices have increased over the last few years has produced a lot of anxiety for families.” But, in the way of economists, some of the experts like to point out that it might have been worse, both before and after the 2022 spike.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ai-assisted-shopping-talk-holiday-shopping-season-127976859
Article: Major retail chains and tech companies are offering new or updated artificial intelligence tools in time for the holiday shopping season NEW YORK -- Major retail chains and tech companies are offering new or updated artificial intelligence tools in time for the holiday shopping season, hoping to give consumers an easier gift-buying experience and themselves an augmented share of online spending. Although AI-powered purchases are in early stages, the shopping assistants and agents rolled out by the likes of Walmart, Amazon and Google can do more than the chatbots of holidays past. In one of the season's most talked-about launches, Google this month introduced an AI agent that can be instructed to call local stores to ask if a desired product is in stock. San Francisco software company Salesforce estimated that AI would influence $73 billion, or 22%, of all global sales in one way or another from the Tuesday before Thanksgiving through Monday after the holiday, according to Caila Schwartz, Salesforce’s director of consumer insights. Despite the advancements, AI’s impact on holiday shopping will be “relatively limited” this year since not every shopping site has useful tools and not every shopper is willing to try them, said Brad Jashinsky, a senior retail industry analyst at information technology research and consulting firm Gartner. "But customer behavior takes a long time to change.” Here are three ways the technology is poised to influence holiday shopping habits in 2025: AI's potential to simplify the search for the perfect present is most apparent so far in tools that promise to give shoppers faster and more detailed results than a web browser with a lot fewer clicks. For example, users can tell the agent they want to buy a casual sweater to wear with skirt or jeans in New York in January that goes with a skirt or jeans, Responses are pulled from Google's 50 billion product listings. Tools for tracking online prices have been around for years, including CamelCamelCamel, a third-party service for Amazon prices, as well as Paypal’s Honey browser extension for monitoring thousands of online shops. Amazon, OpenAI and Google are racing to create tools that would allow for seamless AI-powered shopping by taking consumers from browsing to buying within the same program instead of having to go to a retailer's website to complete a purchase. OpenAI and Walmart announced a similar deal in October, saying the partnership would allow ChatGPT members to use the instant checkout feature to shop for nearly everything available on Walmart’s website except for fresh food.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp39127znpqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: First British F1 team's humble beginnings from shed 4 hours ago Share Save Karl Bird and Eleanor Maslin East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire Share Save Topical Press Agency/Getty Images Fuelled by ambition, Raymond Mays was the man who got the wheels turning for Britain's first Formula 1 team As this season's Formula 1 World Championship reaches a dramatic climax, some of the sport's most famous figures have been looking back at the humble origins of Britain's first team. "I think they put this country on the map as a world leader in automotive technology and Formula 1." Hulton-Deutsch Collection/CORBIS/Corbis via Getty Images BRM driver Graham Hill (right) won the South African Grand Prix in 1962 when Sir Alfred Owen was proprietor Hill, the 1996 world champion, has a strong link to BRM. BRM - or British Racing Motors, as it was formally known - was founded by Raymond Mays, an ambitious racer and entrepreneur, in 1945 in the market town of Bourne. 75 years of BRM: Lincolnshire's pioneering F1 team Anthony Delaine-Smith, who runs a bus company based in Spalding Road, where the former BRM factory once stood, said: "Raymond Mays always had a hankering to go Grand Prix racing. "The idea was after the war, they would bring industries together with this idea of building a British Grand Prix car." At the time motor racing was recovering after World War Two and in 1950 a new Formula 1 World Championship was launched. Although it was not ready for the first Formula 1 World Championship race, at Silverstone in 1950, the green BRM was soon racing alongside iconic marques such as Ferrari and Maserati. "He really was the man, the up-and-coming man." National Motor Museum/Heritage Images/Getty Image Raymond Mays had a successful racing and hillclimb career between 1921 and 1950 Motor racing legend Sir Jackie Stewart, who won three world titles, got his first introduction to F1 while racing with BRM. And the engineers and the rest of the people were really wonderful." Mark Sutton - Formula 1/Formula 1 via Getty Images Sir Jackie Stewart was one of the "top-line drivers" who raced for BRM He said the success of BRM paved the way for Britain's huge motor racing industry, which is now worth £12bn a year according to F1. Mays put the company up for sale in 1952 and it was bought by Sir Alfred Owen and his engineering company Rubery Owen, though Mays stayed on as team manager. Rick Hall (left) was a mechanic with BRM and Nick Owen is now custodian of the BRM name along with his family Nick Owen, the grandson of Sir Alfred, is the custodian of the BRM name today, along with brother Paul, cousin Simon and uncle John. Nick Owen said as well as celebrating the team's achievements of the past, BRM wanted to inspire the next generation and "lay the foundations for the future, for the next 75 years".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c997yndvermo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hidden well in cathedral crypt shines blue after mosaic transformation 2 hours ago Share Save Pauline McLean Scotland arts correspondent Share Save BBC An ancient well, buried in the sacred crypt of a historic Glasgow church, has been excavated and transformed into a major art project, seen by the public for the first time in living memory. It has now been enhanced by a stunning light mosaic and will be the focus of a series of concerts and events to celebrate 850 years of the city of Glasgow. Alasdair Smith The mosaic colours are designed to represent water and the greens of nature Long before Glasgow became a city, the site of the well marked a place of deep spiritual significance. Approxima Arts/Chris Leslie The excavation involved opening up the well, removing all the coins and draining debris until the water ran clear The mosaic installation, simply called The Well, has been brought to life by the Aproxima Creative Collective team, including Scottish artist Joanna Kessel. "So I thought, well I'll just ask Orsoni to supply us with a range so that we could get this transition from light down to dark at the bottom of the well. We don't produce this specifically so the front is what they're working to create and the back in some ways is incidental." Joanna went over to Venice to sift through crates and crates of the gold leaf mosaic to find the right colours. Joanna shows the back of the gold-leaf tiles which carried the colours she was looking for The well is a new attraction for visitors to the city Creative director Angus Farquhar said the well was a powerful but neglected part of Glasgow's story. "I saw that little well in the corner with no signage and it had just been forgotten and I thought wouldn't it be incredible to bring this back as a gift for the people of Glasgow," he said. Angus Farquhar's favourite moment of the excavation was seeing the water run clear once more He said: "It had not been touched for 70 years and we found coins from all over the world rings, thimbles, tiny pieces of shell with people's names written on them and we realised that it had still been used as a little point of blessing even though there was no signage there and it was dark. "That idea that we could bring it back became really exciting and just two weeks ago with the support of Historic Environment Scotland we drained out the last of the water and cleaned the bottom of the well where we'd done the excavation and for the first time probably in one or two centuries the water ran clear again.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5625473/rubio-witkoff-ukraine-negotiators-florida-deal
Article: — Top Trump administration officials are meeting Ukrainian negotiators in Florida this weekend, pushing to broker an end to Russia's war in Ukraine and setting the stage for key talks planned this week in Moscow with Russian leader Vladimir Putin. President Donald Trump, were expected to sit down with a Ukrainian delegation to further hash out the details of a proposed peace framework — talks that come at a sensitive moment for Ukraine as it continues to push back against Russian forces that invaded the country in 2022. Sponsor Message On Friday, just before the Florida sit-down, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced the resignation of his powerful chief of staff, Andrii Yermak, who up until that point had been the country's lead negotiator in talks with the U.S. It was only a week ago that Rubio had met with Yermak in Geneva, with each side saying the talks had been positive in putting together a revised peace plan. The plan — which Trump has since downplayed as a "concept" or a "map" to be "fine-tuned" — would also impose limits on the size of Ukraine's military, block the country from joining NATO, and require Ukraine to hold elections in 100 days. Zelenskyy wrote on X that the Ukrainian delegation would "swiftly and substantively work out the steps needed to end the war." In his nightly address on Saturday, Zelenskyy said the American side was "demonstrating a constructive approach." "In the coming days it is feasible to flesh out the steps to determine how to bring the war to a dignified end," he said. Fresh attacks overnight into Sunday killed one person and wounded 19 others, including four children, local officials said, when a drone hit a nine-story apartment block in the city of Vyshhorod in the Kyiv region. After Ukraine claimed responsibility for damaging a major oil terminal on Saturday near the Russian port of Novorossiysk, owned by the Caspian Pipeline Consortium, Kazakhstan told Ukraine on Sunday to stop attacking the Black Sea terminal. Sponsor Message "We view what has occurred as an action harming the bilateral relations of the Republic of Kazakhstan and Ukraine, and we expect the Ukrainian side to take effective measures to prevent similar incidents in the future," Kazakhstan's Foreign Ministry said in a statement.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5623225/snap-native-indigenous-americans-food-insecurity-commodities-reservation
Article: SNAP was restored, but many indigenous Americans still struggle with food insecurity Enlarge this image toggle caption MPSharwood/WikiCommons MPSharwood/WikiCommons The snowcapped mountains surrounding northwest Montana's Flathead Reservation are a sign winter is coming. "More than 60% of Native people rely solely on that source of food as their primary source of food," says Valarie Blue Bird Jernigan, professor of medicine and rural health at Oklahoma State University. Sponsor Message A lot of people on the Flathead Reservation, like Lefthand, couldn't wait to see how SNAP payments would play out, said Nicholas White, who manages the Salish and Kootenai Tribes Commodity Program. "That's the number of people that are coming over to our program." Tribal communities who don't participate in the commodities program were left scrambling to prevent families from going hungry. She was able to divert some grant funding to help buy up cattle, and sent that meat to temporary food banks throughout the reservation, home to the Assiniboine and Gros Ventre tribes. toggle caption Aaron Bolton/Montana Public Radio Tribes and nonprofits won't get reimbursed for the extra money and resources they expended, says Yadira Rivera, director of Native Agriculture and Food Systems Investment at the First Nations Development Institute. Sponsor Message Tribal families may still be feeling a cascade of financial impacts after the disruption, even though the SNAP program eventually received a full year of funding in the deal that ended the shutdown. "There are a lot of people who get evicted when they lose food aid, because they spend their money on food, you got to eat," said Georgetown Law Professor David Super, who studies welfare law.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/30/deep-fake-whirlool-brazil/
Article: The emails, first to her senate office and then to her campaign, had subject lines like “Is this you?” and “AI manipulation.” But after an email from a journalist asking her about a specific video circulating online, she decided to investigate. Salvador searched for her name on the internet and found that a clip from a 2018 TED Talk that she had given about ways to reduce energy costs for low-income Americans had been used in an award-winning video to promote Whirlpool products in Brazil. In the TED Talk, Salvador says that when she was growing up, some of her neighbors resorted to illegally tapping into electricity lines to stay warm in the winter and cool in the summer. She then presented slides with data on how millions of American families, particularly in Black and rural communities, have to choose between paying their electricity bills and other essentials like medication and food. But in a 20-second clip that appeared in the Whirlpool video, Salvador appears to be talking about low-income residents of São Paulo, Brazil’s most populous city and a world away from where she works on the issue in her native North Carolina. In contrast, low-income and rural populations can spend 20, even 30 percent of their income on energy.” In the Whirlpool spot, she seems to say: “People are faced with impossible choices. In low-income communities in São Paulo, the average electricity bill costs represents 30 percent of their monthly income.” The video then jumps to a line she said later in her talk: “This is when energy becomes a burden.” “I was really shocked,” said Salvador, 34, who founded a nonprofit aimed at reducing energy costs for low-income people before becoming in 2021 the youngest woman to ever serve in the North Carolina legislature. “They used me as an authoritative figure and turned me into a talking head for Whirlpool, and I don’t even know if what they have me saying is even true,” she said. “And what’s distressing to me is, if no one had come forward, I would have never known that this was out there.” Salvador has filed a lawsuit in a North Carolina federal court against Whirlpool, Omnicom Group — the global marketing company that created the video — and their subsidiaries over the unauthorized use of her image. AI manipulation is probably far more common than many people believe and can be hard to detect, said Andrea Hickerson, dean of the journalism school at the University of Mississippi. “Taylor Swift can call a press conference or put out an Instagram post and say, ‘That’s not me,’” said Hickerson, who studies how AI-generated content is changing the media landscape. The video created by the São Paulo-based subsidiary of Omnicom Group, DM9, for Whirlpool’s Brazilian branch, Consul, explains how low-income Brazilians could finance the purchase of energy-efficient Whirlpool appliances by using money saved on future utility bills. At Cannes Lions, the judges awarded DM9 and Consul two honors for the two-minute video: their highest award, the Grand Prix, in the creative data category, as well as a Bronze Lion in the creative commerce section. A spokesperson for Whirlpool said company officials weren’t “aware that Senator Salvador’s remarks had been altered” and contacted her “shortly after we were made aware of the issue at Cannes.” Omnicom didn’t respond to requests for comment, but on LinkedIn, it’s subsidiary acknowledged using AI to alter the Whirlpool video and others. DM9 apologizes “unreservedly to the Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity, to the judges who took the time and care to evaluate their work, and to the industry as a whole,” the statement said. DM9 returned Cannes Lions awards it won for three entries, including the Whirlpool spot, due to “serious inconsistencies related to the veracity or legitimacy of the works presented.” Omnicom and Whirlpool have called for her lawsuit to be dismissed, arguing that Salvador’s reputation hasn’t been materially affected by the video. Derek Leben, a professor of business ethics at Carnegie Mellon University’s Tepper School of Business, said the video may be an example of shadow AI, in which employees and outside firms use artificial intelligence without the approval of their managers. “I’m skeptical that there’s going to be a law anytime soon that requires disclosure of when generative AI is used to create media but I’m hopeful that companies will demand some kind of transparency from the people they work with,” he said. “Anybody who has any footage of themselves online — a single image, a short video, an audio clip — can have their likeness ripped out, and then people can create audios, videos, and images of them saying and doing things they never did,” Farid said. She’s not against its use, she said, noting that she just finished a MBA and fellowship with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she worked on technology that uses AI to address mobility issues in seniors. “We’re seeing rapid innovation that could improve quality of life, but I think with any technology there has to be safe guards.” She has spent weeks scouring the internet for the manipulated videos of her TED Talk and trying to get those taken down.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-30/southern-california-books-2025-gift-guide
Article: Voices Arellano: In 2024, books by and about Southern California Latinas shined I was excited to see so many voices, new and familiar, dominate the 2024 nonfiction releases, showing that Latinas have played important roles in the Southern California story and deserve far more recognition. Martin’s “A Game of Thrones” series, said, “A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.” So for my annual holiday columna recommending great books about Southern California, I’m sticking to formats that lend themselves to easier reading — bite-size jewels of intellect, if you will. (Gustavo Arellano / Los Angeles Times) Adolfo Guzman-Lopez’s warm voice has informed Angelenos about arts, politics and education for 25 years on what was long called KPCC and now goes by LAist 89.3. What most listeners might not know is that the Mexico City native first earned acclaim as a founder of Taco Shop Poets, an influential San Diego collective that highlighted Chicano writers in a city that didn’t seem to care for them. Guzman-Lopez lets others delve into that history in the intro and forerward to “California Southern: Writings from the Road, 1992-2025.” Reading the short anthology, it quickly becomes clear why his audio dispatches have always had a prose-like quality often lacking among public radio reporters, whose delivery tends to be as dry as Death Valley. Advertisement In mostly English but sometimes Spanish and Spanglish, Guzman-Lopez takes readers from the U.S.-Mexico border to L.A., employing the type of lyrical bank shots only a poet can get away with. I especially loved his description of Silver Lake as “two tax brackets away/From Salvatrucha Echo Park.” Another highlight is contained in “Trucks,” where Guzman-Lopez praises the immigrant entrepreneurs from around the world who come to L.A. The insights, triumphs and tragedies in my four favorites offer a way forward to tackle the Golden State’s uncertain future — and serve as a challenge for you to put down your own thoughts for future generations. Say these names to remember the trek.” Guzman-Lopez has been doing readings recently with Lisa Alvarez, who published her first book, “Some Final Beauty and Other Stories,” after decades of teaching English — including to my wife back in the 1990s! Alvarez’s debut is a loosely tied collection centered on progressive activists in Southern California, spanning a seismic sendoff for someone who fought during the Spanish Civil War and a resident of O.C.’s canyon country tipping off the FBI about her neighbor’s participation in the Jan. Author, activist and Irvine Valley College professor Lisa Alvarez holds a copy of her short story collection “Some Final Beauty and Other Stories.” (Don Leach / Daily Pilot) Advertisement Most of the protagonists are women, brought to life through Alvarez’s taut, shining sentences. mayor who seems like a stand-in for Antonio Villaraigoisa considers himself “the crafty and cool voice of one who sees his past and future in terms of chapters in a best-selling book” as he tries to convince a faded movie star to come down from a tree during a protest. Start by reading these In an era where Latino representation in books is still sorely lacking, four books released in 2022 show what happens when authors take it upon themselves to tell their community’s tales. history and geography for decades, has gathered some of his recent efforts in “Elements of Los Angeles: Earth, Water, Air, Fire.” A lot of his subjects — L.A.’s mother tree, pioneering preacher Aimee Semple McPherson, the first Hass avocado — are tried-and-true terrain for Southern California writers. On legendary Dodger broadcasters Vin Scully and Jaime Jarrín, he writes, “The twin cities of Los Angeles and Los Ángeles, evoked by [their] voices … may seem to be incommensurate places to the unhearing, but the borders of the two cities are porous. Advertisement But then, Waldie concludes by citing a Spanish-language corrido about the disaster: “Friends, I leave you/with this sad song/and with a plea to heaven/For those taken by the flood.” The ultimate victims, Waldie argues, are not the dead from the St. “Elements of Los Angeles” was published by Angel City Press, a wing of the Los Angeles Public Library that also released “Cruising J-Town: Japanese American Car Culture in Los Angeles.” Advertisement Cal State Long Beach sociology professor Oliver Wang offers a powerhouse of a coffee table book by taking what could have easily sold as a scrapbook of cool images and grounding it in the history of a community that has seen the promise and pain of Southern California like few others. We see Japanese Americans posing in front of souped-up imports, reveling in SoCal’s kustom kulture scene of the 1960s, standing in front of a car at a World War II-era incarceration camp and loading up their gardening trucks at a time when they dominated the landscaping industry. Advertisement “One can read entire histories of American car culture and find no mention of Japanese or Asian American involvement,” Wang writes — but that’s about as pedantic as “Cruising J-Town” gets.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-30/hard-lives-in-california-fields-harvesting-watermelons
Article: There have been agricultural raids, including in Oxnard, where video captured immigration authorities chasing a farmworker across a strawberry field, and at a cannabis farm in Camarillo where a fieldworker plunged from a roof to his death trying to evade capture. Besides, the president told CNBC in August: “These people do it naturally.” He signaled that he was open to finding a way for agricultural workers to do the jobs legally. After three days of muscle-aching work — not even full days — I learned the skill that goes into harvesting fruit we take for granted in grocery stores, the sacrifices families make and the lengths people go to so they can work in an industry in which some Americans don’t last beyond a week. And then the next day [Homeland Security Secretary] Kristi Noem says, no we’re going to deport them all,” said the owner of the farm, a Trump supporter, who has been confused by the mixed messaging. “This is not a time to stand up and say we’re pro-immigrant … because they’ll send ICE at us.” Nursery-grown seedlings were planted on the farm in March and ready for harvest about 70 days later. (It is estimated that more than half of California’s approximately 350,000 farmworkers lack papers.) Advertisement On the farm, everyone has to fill out forms that require documents showing they’re authorized to work. Some farmworkers, he said, may have “five different jobs in a year with five different farmers and maybe even five different crops.” “Americans, I think they would not like that, to go from one job to another to another,” he said. Seeing I was confused and trying to find a place for myself in this operation, 62-year-old Esteban called me over to his row, “so I could get some exercise.” He warned me that just the other day a woman on a different crew had overheated from the sun, fainted and had to go to the hospital. “The sun is dangerous.” Like the men on the line, I pulled on white cotton gloves and, as the machine inched forward, began lifting watermelons from the ground, up onto the table above me where the packers waited. But these men are part of an aging workforce, with a 64% increase in California farmworkers ages 55 to 64, between 2009 and 2019, according to a UC Merced Community and Labor Center report. She once made breakfast for 10 farmworkers before going to the hospital to have her youngest son.) Advertisement The men watched videos on their phones and teased one another about their love lives. It was like a fire bucket brigade, with workers passing the melons down the line to be placed into large boxes on a flatbed, a process the owner called “pitching.” As we worked, one of the farmworkers, Mimi, who wore two long-sleeved shirts and sunscreen to protect her skin, gave me a pink bandanna to shield my neck. The sweet smell of cantaloupe hung in the air as the crew decorated the machine with a half-Mexican, half-American flag and red, green and white papel picado with the words “Viva Mexico.” At lunch, they would celebrate with Sinaloa-style barbacoa. As the crew worked, shirts soaked through with sweat, Rosario played “Inmigrantes Unidos,” a song about the “gringos’” desire to deport all the working people: If they knew what we have suffered to get ahead Day after day we go out to work.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-11-30/scandal-trump-changing-standards-katie-porter-graham-platner-jay-jones
Article: Advertisement Once — say, 20 or 30 years ago — those blow-ups might have been enough to chase each of those embattled candidates from their respective races, and maybe even end their political careers altogether. Actions that once caused eyes to widen, such as the recreational puffs of marijuana that cost appeals court judge Douglas Ginsburg a Supreme Court seat under President Reagan, now seem quaint. (Getty Images) And the old political playbook — confession, contrition, capitulation — is obviously no longer operative, as candidates find it not only possible but even advantageous to brazen their way through storms of uproar and opprobrium. Donald Trump has seemingly survived more controversies — not to mention two impeachments, an $83.3-million judgment in a sexual abuse and defamation case and conviction on 34 felony counts — than there are stars winking in the nighttime sky. A generation or so ago, if faced with a serious scandal, he would have told his candidate, “This is not going to be sustainable and you just better get out.” But now, Carrick said, “I would be very reluctant to tell somebody that, unless there was evidence they had murdered or kidnapped somebody, or robbed a bank.” Kevin Madden, a veteran Republican communications strategist, agreed. or a new shiny object will be along.” Advertisement One reason for the changing nature of political scandal, and its prognosis, is the way we now take in information, both selectively and in bulk. “A lot of scandals may not have the impact that they once had because people are in these silos or echo chambers,” said Scott Basinger, a University of Houston political scientist who’s extensively studied the nature of political scandal. “They may not even hear about it, if they don’t want to hear about it.” The sheer velocity of information — “not only delivered to you on your doorstep, or at 6:30 p.m. “In a world where there’s a wealth of information,” he said, “there’s a poverty of attention.” Seven months after abruptly dropping out of the 1988 presidential race, Hart jumped back into the contest. Porter in California and Platner in Maine both faced calls to drop out of their respective races, with critics questioning their conduct and whether they had the right temperament to serve, respectively, as California governor or a U.S. If they want a governor who drops f-bombs and snaps at aides, a senator with a history of off-putting remarks or — gulp — an adulterous convicted felon in the White House, that’s their choice.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5625482/netanyahu-request-pardon-corruption-trial
Article: Netanyahu submits request for a pardon during his ongoing corruption trial toggle caption Ohad Zwigenberg/AP TEL AVIV (AP) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asked Israel's president to grant him a pardon during his long-running corruption trial that's bitterly divided the country. The president's office called it an "extraordinary request," carrying with it "significant implications." Netanyahu is the only sitting prime minister in Israeli history to stand trial, after being charged with fraud, breach of trust and accepting bribes in three separate cases accusing him of exchanging favors with wealthy political supporters. They'll be sent to the justice ministry for opinions and will then be transferred to the Legal Advisor in the Office of the President, which will formulate additional opinions for the president.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyd38gp00eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Reeves denies she misled public over UK's finances prior to Budget 15 minutes ago Share Save Jennifer McKiernan , Political reporter and Harry Farley , Political correspondent Share Save Jeff Overs/BBC/PA Wire Chancellor Rachel Reeves says she can be trusted with the country's finances and has been "clear" about reasons for her decisions, following claims she misled the public in the run-up to her Budget. The Conservatives have accused the Chancellor of giving an overly pessimistic impression of the public finances as a "smokescreen" to raise taxes and Badenoch claimed Reeves had "lied to the public". Downing Street has denied she misled the public and Prime Minister Keir Starmer is expected to back her budget decisions in a speech on Monday, saying the chancellor's decisions will help tackle cost of living pressures and lower inflation. Opening the interview, Kuenssberg asked Reeves whether she could be trusted and the chancellor responded: "Yes." Kuenssberg then outlined what the chancellor had said in a speech on 4 November, when Reeves announced there was less cash than previously forecast due to a productivity downgrade, and she was likely to need to raise taxes as a result. Reeves explained that, despite what critics were saying, "I didn't have an extra 4bn to play with" but instead that the OBR figures had been downgraded from £9.9bn headroom in spring to £4.2bn in the autumn. "I clearly could not deliver a budget with just £4.2bn of headroom," she said, as that would have been "the lowest surplus any chancellor ever delivered", and she would "rightly" have been facing criticism for the headroom being too small. She said: "I was clear that I wanted to build up that resilience and that is why I took those decisions to get that headroom up to £21.7bn." Pushed on whether she had exaggerated the situation in order to pave the way for a £16bn increase in welfare, Reeves said she also had to factor in policy choices made in the previous six months on welfare and the Winter Fuel Allowance. She said: "I did say when those policies changed just before the summer that we would have to find that money in the Budget, so I was very upfront about that. "Yes, I did make the decision in the Budget to scrap the two-child [benefit] limit - that was funded by increases on online gambling taxes and also by cracking down on tax avoidance and tax evasion, fully costed and fully funded, and lifting half a million children out of poverty." Being asked live on TV "did you lie?" is never a comfortable question for a chancellor to be facing in the days after giving a really significant Budget. But the reason why that challenge was being made was because of the accusations by the Conservatives and others that Reeves had painted a misleading picture in the build-up to the Budget about the state of the UK finances. Reeves' stance was to not accept that and to insist the UK economy had been revised down and she had chosen to put taxes up in order to put some money away for a rainy day - trying to bring more stability to financial markets in the hope it will lead to lower interest rates. Asked if she had broken the spirit, if not the letter, of her manifesto commitment on taxation by freezing income tax thresholds, Reeves said: "I recognise I did not say that in the manifesto but since then we've had both a significant downgrade in the productivity forecast but also huge global turbulence." She added: "I have to respond to all those things because, if I were to lose control of the public finances, we would be punished. "Punished by financial markets that hold £2.6tn of public debt, and punished with higher interest rates, which wouldn't affect just the country but would also affect every single business that borrows, and every single family that has a mortgage." Appearing on the same show, Badenoch said she was "absolutely not" satisfied with Reeves' explanation, said she should instead have cut welfare spending, and urged the chancellor to quit. She said: "The chancellor called an emergency press conference telling everyone about how terrible the state of the finances were and now we have seen that the OBR was telling her the complete opposite. "She was raising taxes to pay for welfare - the only thing that was unfunded was the welfare payments that she has made, and she's doing it on the backs of a lot of people out there who are working very hard and getting poorer - and because of that I believe she should resign." Badenoch added her shadow chancellor Mel Stride has written a letter of complaint to the Financial Conduct Authority asking for an investigation, accusing the chancellor of trying to "pitchroll for her Budget", which could constitute "market manipulation".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp34yk7z6yxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hong Kong fire death toll rises to 146 as thousands pay respects 15 minutes ago Share Save Hafsa Khalil Share Save Reuters At least 146 people are known to have died in a devastating fire that tore through multiple high-rise buildings in Hong Kong. The fire - which spread quickly both upwards and between the blocks - was only fully doused by Friday morning, and took more than 2,000 firefighters to bring under control. Ching Sze Yip/BBC Ching Sze Yip/BBC Among the tributes added are handwritten messages for the victims of the fire Hundreds of flower bouquets have been laid down as people queue to mourn and pay their respects The fire - Hong Kong's deadliest in more than 70 years - led the region's authority to declare a three-day mourning period, which began on Saturday.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/11/28/texas-cair-muslim-brotherhood-houston-abbott/
Article: SUGAR LAND, Texas — Whether speaking at local government meetings or protesting over the war in Gaza and Islamophobia in public schools, Amina Ishaq counts on the Council on American-Islamic Relations to defend her rights and those of the growing Muslim community in this politically divided Houston suburb. He accused the groups of attempting to “subvert our laws through violence, intimidation, and harassment.” Abbott said the designation would bar CAIR from acquiring Texas land under a law passed by the state legislature earlier this year and clear the way for the state attorney general “to sue to shut them down.” “These radical extremists are not welcome in our state,” Abbott said in a statement. The governor also suggested, citing court cases, reports by the FBI, and the Program on Extremism at George Washington University, that CAIR leaders sought to impose Islamic law, or sharia, on Americans. CAIR’s Dallas-Fort Worth and Austin chapters asked a federal judge to strike down the proclamation, which also labeled the group “a transnational criminal organization.” “This attempt to punish the nation’s largest Muslim civil rights and advocacy organization simply because Governor Abbott disagrees with its views is not only contrary to the United States Constitution, but finds no support in any Texas law,” the lawsuit says, noting that CAIR, founded in 1994, has 25 chapters nationwide. “No civil rights organizations are safe if a governor can baselessly and unilaterally declare any of them terrorist groups, ban them from buying land, and threaten them with closure,” CAIR Litigation Director and General Counsel Lena Masri said in a statement. In a radio interview, Abbott said his declaration was a response to concern from members of the Texas GOP about the state’s growing Muslim population and the ascent of Muslim officials such as New York Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani. We have freedom of religion, however, your religion cannot become a threat to our freedom.” He did not offer examples of how Muslim Americans were threatening the freedom of others. The Texas GOP has been grappling for years with how to maintain dominance in such rapidly growing and diversifying suburbs, where Muslim voters share many of the party’s values — freedom of religion, economic markets and development — but not its predominant Christian faith. They would even point to cities like Minneapolis, where the call to prayer is broadcast on loudspeakers.” He noted that Abbott is running for reelection and Paxton is locked in a competitive U.S. While Muslims are still a minority of voters in Texas, Jones said, evangelical Christians are a powerful block of GOP primary voters, “and a significant share of them do view Islam as a threat to Christianity and the state and Texas.” “They view the United States as a Judeo-Christian country,” Jones said, noting public opinion polls and a state law — mostly halted by courts so far — that requires the Ten Commandments to be posted in public school classrooms. Mo Nehad — a police officer who ran unsuccessfully for Fort Bend sheriff last year after joining the GOP at the urging of his Republican activist daughter — called Abbott’s proclamation “ridiculous.” “There is no basis for it,” Nehad said late last week, dismissing the fear of Muslims trying to impose sharia law in Texas as “biased and unproven.” “We need to worry about our veterans, single parents, kids who cannot buy lunch, and illegal immigration,” Nehad said, adding, “Abbott needs to align himself with Trump.” Democratic state Rep. Suleman Lalani, a Sugar Land-based doctor who two years ago became one of the first two Muslim state lawmakers elected in Texas, said the governor’s attack on CAIR has alarmed his constituents. They are feeling they have been alienated in their own home even though they are taxpaying citizens.” He noted that a group of Muslim high school students praying outside a Yemeni cafe north of Dallas earlier this month were harassed by a man who said, “I’m mocking your religion” (CAIR has asked authorities to investigate). Lalani called on Abbott to “avoid the politics of division, avoid the politics of fear and put people first.” Outside the Maryam Islamic Center mosque in Sugar Land last week, girls in abaya dresses played basketball as families arrived for evening prayers. Zain, who works in real estate, said Abbott and the Texas GOP’s concern about Muslims imposing religious sharia law was “baseless.” “I’ve never heard anybody say we need sharia law here,” he said. Ishaq, the Sugar Land social worker and activist who attends the same mosque, said she’s been upset to see the Ten Commandments posted at her daughter’s high school this year, the attacks on CAIR, and anti-Muslim sentiment by lawmakers.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/death-toll-in-hong-kong-apartment-complex-fire-hits-146?traffic_source=rss
Article: Authorities in Hong Kong said 18 more human remains have been found after the huge blaze in the eight-apartment Wang Fuk Court estate, bringing the death toll to 146 people. Police and fire authorities held a news conference on Sunday to provide an update on Hong Kong’s deadliest fire in more than 75 years, which burned through seven of the residential buildings in the complex over two days before being fully put out by Friday. Joey Yeung, 28, whose grandmother’s apartment burned in the fire, said she had come with her family with a sense of both mourning for the victims and anger at those responsible. “I’m not asking to get anything back, but at least give some justice to the families of the deceased – to those who are still alive.” Hong Kong has seen public anger and dismay over the tragedy, as the complex had repeatedly received warnings from residents about risks as well as evidence of unsafe construction practices. Police on Saturday arrested Miles Kwan, 24, who was part of a group that launched a petition demanding an independent probe into possible corruption and a review of construction oversight, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters. Hong Kong officials announced late on Saturday that they had ordered the immediate suspension of work on 28 building projects undertaken by the contractor of the complex, the Prestige Construction and Engineering Company, for safety audits. “As a Hong Konger, seeing people in the place where we live lose their families, lose everything in just one night – if you put yourself in their shoes, it is unbearable.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gv76r5qpvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Benjamin Netanyahu seeks pardon from Israel's president 20 minutes ago Share Save Paulin Kola Share Save EPA Netanyahu said a pardon would lead to national reconciliation in Israel Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has submitted a request for a pardon to the country's President Isaac Herzog. And in a third, prosecutors have alleged that he promoted regulatory decisions favourable to the controlling shareholder of an Israeli telecoms company in exchange for positive coverage by a news website. He said in Sunday's video message that the continuation of the trial "tears us apart from within" at a time when Israel was facing "enormous challenges, and alongside them great opportunities" that required unity.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/venezuelan-leader-maduro-desperate-loyalty-punishment-strategy-hard-127977212
Article: But his loyalty vs punishment strategy is hard to crack Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro brandishes a sword said to have belonged to independence hero Simon Bolivar during a civic-military event at the military academy in Caracas, Venezuela, Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos) Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro brandishes a sword said to have belonged to independence hero Simon Bolivar during a civic-military event at the military academy in Caracas, Venezuela, Tuesday, Nov. (AP Photo/Ariana Cubillos) CARACAS, Venezuela -- English phrases once bothered Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro so much that he urged his State of the Union address audience to phase out words like skatepark and fashion. military should strike Venezuela, Maduro is embracing English, singing John Lennon’s Imagine, advocating for peace and dancing to a remix of his latest English catchphrase, “No War, Yes Peace.” While his turnaround is seen as a sign of desperation by supporters of Venezuela’s political opposition, whose leaders have repeatedly told their backers in Washington that the threat of military action would crack Maduro’s inner circle, months of pressure have yet to produce defections or a government transition. “The Bolivarian Revolution possesses a remarkable ability: the capacity for cohesion in the face of external pressure,” Ronal Rodríguez, a researcher at the Venezuela Observatory in Colombia’s Universidad del Rosario, said referring to the political movement, also known as Chavismo, that Maduro inherited from the late President Hugo Chávez. “When pressure comes from abroad, they manage to unite, defend and protect themselves." Underpinning the loyalty-or-punishment principle are corruption networks blessed by Chávez and Maduro that give the loyal permission to get richer. The strategy has been crucial for an authoritarian Maduro to keep control of the military, which he lets traffic drugs, oil, wildlife and myriad goods in exchange for coup-proof barracks. “This has been a very effective tool because Chavismo has always been able to eliminate those actors who at some point try to rise up, and it has been able to expose corrupt practices from all sorts of actors,” Rodríguez said. Venezuela’s political opposition, led by Nobel Peace Prize winner María Corina Machado, had banked on the military’s support to dislodge Maduro after credible evidence showed that he lost the 2024 presidential election. But Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino López and other military leaders stood by Maduro, just like they did in 2019 during a barracks revolt by a cadre of soldiers who swore loyalty to Juan Guaidó, the opposition leader recognized at the time by the first Trump administration as Venezuela’s rightful leader. President Donald Trump has increased the pressure on Maduro and his allies, including by doubling to $50 million the reward for information that leads to his arrest on narcoterrorism charges. On Saturday, Trump said that the airspace “above and surrounding” the South American country should be considered as “closed in its entirety." Maduro's government responded by accusing Trump of making a ”colonial threat,” rallying supporters behind what it called an assault on national sovereignty. The march ended in a ceremony in which Maduro raised a jeweled sword that belonged to South American independence hero Simón Bolívar and guided attendees, including Cabinet ministers, to swear in God’s name to defend peace and freedom. Susan Shirk, a research professor at the University of California, San Diego, said authoritarian leaders have a “fetish for unity” and like public displays of loyalty to prevent splits among leadership and social upheaval. Hegseth hasn't provided details on those options, but administration officials have signaled that they have trouble seeing a situation in which Maduro is still in power as an acceptable endgame. David Smilde, a Tulane University professor who has studied Venezuela for more than three decades, said that only people who don't understand Chavismo would think that a show of force will cause a government change. And more broadly, if the whole premise of the operation is that the Venezuelan armed forces are a drug cartel, what motivation could they possibly have to turn on Maduro and participate in regime change?” Maduro's entire presidency has been marked by a political, social and economic crisis that has pushed millions into poverty and driven more than 7.7 million people to migrate.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/communities-train-to-monitor-ice-activity-immigration-rcna245945
Article: In Los Angeles, Chicago and Charlotte, North Carolina, residents protested immigration enforcement actions and began coordinating street patrols, organizing neighborhood watch groups and recording videos of both immigration officers apprehending people and agents carrying out operations largely while masked and in unmarked vehicles. Heather Morrow, a protester in Charlotte, North Carolina, faces misdemeanor charges after prosecutors allege she blocked the entrance to a Department of Homeland Security facility’s parking lot; she was initially charged with felony assault of a federal officer, but it was dropped a week later at the request of the federal government. Amid the arrests, as well as flaring tensions and clashes between communities and immigration agents, concerned residents who are afraid the Border Patrol might target their hometowns next are looking to grassroots efforts already adopted in other cities. “Deportation raids are not new, but what we see in terms of scale and severity is very new, and it requires a whole new response from us regular people, as citizens, as neighbors,” Jill Garvey, a co-director of the pro-democracy group States at the Core, said during the first nationwide virtual “ICE WATCH” training session hosted with the help of community organizers from Chicago on Nov. More than 500 people attended the online training session from dozens of cities, including New York; Memphis, Tennessee; Oakland, California; and New Orleans — where some expect immigration operations to begin in December. Different people expressed fear, heartbreak, anxiety and outrage over the current state of immigration enforcement and asked for tips, including how to adjust ICE Watch strategies to fit the needs of rural communities and how to monitor enforcement efforts around sensitive locations such as churches, schools or workplaces. McLaughlin told NBC News that “being near unlawful activities in the field does come with risks — though our officers take every reasonable precaution to mitigate dangers to those exercising their protected First Amendment rights. However, when faced with violence or attempts to impede law enforcement operations, our officers will take legal and necessary steps to ensure their own safety and that of bystanders, up to and including use of force.” She added that immigration authorities “clearly identify themselves as law enforcement while wearing masks to protect themselves from being targeted by highly sophisticated gangs” and other criminals at a time when assaults against agents have increased. Community efforts to monitor Immigration and Customs Enforcement operations started to solidify in June when the Border Patrol first began sustained immigration enforcement operations in Los Angeles and intensified in Chicago during a three-month immigration enforcement operation dubbed Operation Midway Blitz. When asked if people who record immigration authorities or participate in neighborhood watch group should be worried about being targeted or arrested for engaging in these activities, McLaughlin stated, “This sure looks like obstruction of justice.” “When individuals broadcast the location of ICE, they are putting a target on the backs of officers,” she stated, “anyone who impedes, obstructs, or assaults law enforcement will be arrested and prosecuted.” Xavier T. de Janon, a criminal attorney in North Carolina who represents Morrow and Long, said several of his clients who participated in neighborhood watch efforts to keep tabs on Border Patrol as it conducted Operation Charlotte’s Web in the city of Charlotte are facing charges. In an attempt “to pull myself out of a dangerous situation,” Long said, he drove forward, going up on a curb and around one of the SUVs trying to block him. Asked about Long’s arrest, McLaughlin stated, “While conducting an immigration enforcement operation near the intersection of Central Ave and Eastway Dr, Border Patrol arrested this US citizen for vehicular assault against a federal agent.” De Janon said that when federal agents sign up for enforcement roles, they accept the legal reality that they can be documented and that the public can access the information. “So there might be more risks in people just doing what they’re allowed to do and legally protected to do.” At the same time, the Department of Homeland Security also said there have been 238 reports of assaults against ICE agents this year, compared with 19 reports last year — signaling nationwide tension around immigration enforcement tactics.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/gaza/gaza-death-toll-rises-ceasefire-tested-outbreaks-violence-rcna246521
Article: Israeli attacks in Gaza have killed more than 70,000 people in over two years of war, according to the Palestinian Health Ministry, as the death toll continues to climb despite the ongoing ceasefire. A ceasefire between Israel and Hamas in Gaza remains in effect but has been tested by repeated outbreaks of violence, as Gaza's residents face hunger, flooding and the onset of a bitter winter. The two brothers, aged 11 and 8, died when an Israeli drone struck close to a school sheltering displaced people in the town of Beni Suhaila, according to staff at Nasser Hospital, which received the bodies. Sunday's grim milestone arrives more than two years after Hamas launched multipronged surprise attacks on Israel that left 1,200 people dead, with 240 people taken hostage by Hamas and other affiliated militant groups. On the second day of the war, Walid, his wife, and their children were forced to flee their home in the city of Abasan, east of Khan Younis, after their home became too dangerous to reach. “Our playtime is gone, our home is gone, our memories are gone.” President Donald Trump’s Gaza peace plan was endorsed by a majority vote at the United Nations two weeks ago, though world powers were still divided over whether it can convert the fragile ceasefire into the long-term solution that has eluded the Middle East. Designed to usher Gaza from rubble-strewn war zone into a new era, Trump's plan would establish a “Board of Peace” to temporarily govern the territory and an International Stabilization Force taking over responsibility for maintaining the peace from the Israel Defense Forces currently occupying parts of the Gaza Strip.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2025/11/30/illinois-pool-wedding-ymca/
Article: This month, they got married in the shallow end of an Illinois pool, where their scheduled water aerobics class was canceled for the wedding ceremony, as Missouri news channel KMOV first reported. Parsons and La Rue danced in the water to 1950s R&B songs — all while a man swam laps in the adjacent lane, and the scent of chlorine filled the air. “I mean, life’s too short.” When they met in 2022, Parsons and La Rue were still grieving their respective partners: Dale, who died in 2020 of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and Georgia, who died in 2019 after suffering from a blood disease. Parsons was unsure how to respond, she said, but she thought about how La Rue made her laugh again after she struggled to get out of bed following Dale’s death. … It was like it was meant to be.” A few weeks later, Alie Morgan, a senior aquatics director at the YMCA facility, jokingly suggested that Parsons and La Rue get married in the pool because they met there. 12 ceremony, a lifeguard hung foam pool noodles covered in white carnations and pink roses — the couple’s favorites — from windows before family members and friends entered the water or stood on the pool deck. He waited at the pool stairs for Parsons, who emerged holding a bouquet to Etta James’s song “At Last.” They read their playful vows — Parsons agreed to marry La Rue if he obeyed her — from a laminated piece of paper. “I give you this ring as a symbol that I will love you and cherish you, and that I’ll let you have the remote every once in a while, and I’ll try to clean up after myself,” La Rue vowed. Parsons followed with: “I give you this ring as a symbol that I will love you and cherish you, and that I’ll try not to nag you about spending too much time with the guys, and I may even make you dinner once in a while.” After La Rue and Parsons kissed, La Rue dove to fetch a white and blue garter from Parsons’s right thigh that he threw to the lone single man in the pool.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/mental-health/doctors-seek-understand-quitting-antidepressants-causes-withdrawal-rcna243744
Article: “I just felt nothing.” When Shatova asked her doctor if she could stop taking the medication sertraline, an antidepressant better known by its brand name Zoloft, she said she was reassured that she was on the lowest prescribed dose and that coming off it wouldn’t be difficult. About twice as many women as men report using an antidepressant in the past 30 days, with antidepressant use highest among women aged 60 and older, according to government data. In a recent large analysis published in The Lancet in November, researchers at King’s College London found that physical side effects, including quick weight gain, significantly increased heart rate or elevated blood pressure, may be more common than once thought, depending on the drug. The review analyzed results from 151 clinical trials and 17 reports from the Food and Drug Administration, involving about 30 different prescription drugs used to treat depression, anxiety, and bipolar and panic disorders. found that serious withdrawal effects may be more common than previously suspected, especially with longer-term use, although the study was small with just 18% of participants responding to the survey. The results showed that among people who had been taking antidepressants for more than two years, 63% reported moderate or severe withdrawal effects, with a third describing withdrawal issues that lasted more than three months. Mark Horowitz, a clinical research fellow at University College London who led the withdrawal study, said other research has found that roughly a quarter of patients experience severe symptoms when they abruptly stop taking their medications, from burning pain in the skin or limbs, balance problems, ongoing panic attacks, and sound and light sensitivity. A review of various existing studies published last year by a group of German psychiatrists concluded that as many as 1 in 3 antidepressant users will experience some kind of withdrawal symptoms, with severe symptoms occurring in 1 in 30 users. Joseph Goldberg, clinical professor of psychiatry at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York, said that antidepressants have long been known to cause "discontinuation symptoms," mainly nausea and dizziness, particularly if stopped abruptly. “Withdrawal symptoms tell you that your brain is trying to restore a balance that it was forced to change by the presence of a drug,” said David Cohen, professor of social welfare at the University of California Los Angeles. “I think it’s the best accepted explanation for why stopping any centrally active drug, whether its antidepressants, coffee or heroin, leads to some discomfort.” The challenge for psychiatrists is that the drugs, which are often prescribed along with therapy, do help many people, particularly in the short term. In his practice, Alpert estimated that two-thirds of his patients have been on antidepressants for more than five years, and only a small handful had experienced protracted withdrawal symptoms lasting more than a few days. “Even though I respect people’s narratives of their own experience, it feels very different from what we see in clinical practice and research studies.” Goldberg also expressed skepticism as to whether antidepressants themselves are actually responsible for the symptoms being reported by patients. But I think we have to consider the more likely possibility that the thing they’re encountering may be unrelated.” More than a year after Shatova first attempted to taper off the medication, she said she’s still undergoing a painstaking process of tiny, gradual reductions to try to avoid exacerbating her symptoms. “My sleep has gotten better, but I still have windows and waves triggered by life stresses and hormonal fluctuations.” It’s important not to dismiss people’s experiences, Goldberg said, and anyone going through symptoms should undergo further testing. Through looking at large datasets, it will be more possible to identify predictors of this subset of people who seem to have unusually prolonged symptoms.” Cohen feels that the field of psychiatry needs to speed up research. However, in the wake of the 43% cut to the National Institutes of Health annual budget proposed to Congress by the current administration, a figure which is equivalent to $20 billion per year, it is likely that such studies would need to be carried out by either U.K. “We need dozens of such trials now.” If you or someone you know is in crisis, call or text 988, or go to 988lifeline.org, to reach the Suicide & Crisis Lifeline.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/hondurans-vote-elect-new-president-close-race-shadow-127977410
Article: President Donald Trump intervened in a close race with an endorsement of one candidate and announced he would pardon a former president Hondurans vote to elect new president in a close race under shadow of Trump’s surprise intervention FILE - National Party presidential candidate Nasry Asfura poses for a selfie with a supporter, after voting at a polling station in the general elections in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Nov. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo, File) FILE - National Party presidential candidate Nasry Asfura poses for a selfie with a supporter, after voting at a polling station in the general elections in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Nov. They are Rixi Moncada, 60, who served as finance and later as defense secretary in the current administration of President Xiomara Castro before leaving to run for president for the social democrat LIBRE or Liberty and Re-foundation party; Salvador Nasralla, who is making his fourth bid for the presidency, this time as the candidate for the conservative Liberal Party; and former Tegucigalpa Mayor Nasry “Tito” Asfura, who carries the mantle of the also conservative National Party.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/swiss-voters-reject-mandatory-national-service-women-new-127977401
Article: Swiss voters have decisively rejected a call to require women to do national service in the military, civil protection teams or other forms as all men must do already A person walks past referendum posters of political parties and associations as Swiss voters are casting ballots to decide whether women, like men, must do national service in the military, civil protection teams or in other forms, in Geneva, Switzerland, on Nov. (Martial Trezzini/Keystone via AP) A person walks past referendum posters of political parties and associations as Swiss voters are casting ballots to decide whether women, like men, must do national service in the military, civil protection teams or in other forms, in Geneva, Switzerland, on Nov. (Martial Trezzini/Keystone via AP) GENEVA -- Swiss voters on Sunday decisively rejected a call to require women to do national service in the military, civil protection teams or other forms, as all men must do already. Voters also heavily rejected a separate proposal to impose a new national tax on individual donations or inheritances of more than 50 million francs ($62 million), with the revenues to be used to fight the impact of climate change and help Switzerland meet its ambitions to have net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. The national service proposal came at a time when other European countries are finding ways to bolster their armed forces in the face of growing concerns about Russia's potential threat beyond the war in Ukraine. The failed initiative would have required all Swiss citizens to do national service — women can currently do so on a voluntary basis — and applied the concept of national security to areas beyond military service or civil protection. Its supporters pointed to “landslides in the mountains, floods in the plains, cyberattacks, risks of energy shortages or war in Europe” and said that their plan would mean everyone taking responsibility for “a stronger Switzerland that’s able to stand up to crises.” The government countered that the army and civil defense have enough staff, and no more people should be recruited than are needed. While compulsory military service for women might be seen as “a step toward gender equality,” it added, the idea would “place an extra burden on many women, who already shoulder a large part of the unpaid work of raising and caring for children and relatives, as well as household tasks.” The government also opposed the proposal for a new tax on large donations or inheritances, arguing that approval could prod some of the wealthiest in Switzerland — an estimated 2,500 people — to move elsewhere.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/world/israel/netanyahu-seeks-pardon-corruption-charges-israel-trump-backing-rcna246527
Article: “My personal interest was and remains to continue the process until the end, until I am fully acquitted of all charges, but the security and political realities, the national interest, require otherwise.” Netanyahu is facing charges of fraud, breach of trust and accepting bribes in three separate cases. He has also been accused of accepting gifts — including cigars and champagne — in exchange for advancing the personal interests of Hollywood producer Arnon Milchan and Australian billionaire James Packer. Netanyahu, Israel’s longest-serving prime minister and the first sitting Israeli leader to have taken the stand as a criminal defendant, has consistently denied the allegations, branding them a “witch hunt.” A verdict in the ongoing five-year trial isn’t expected until 2026 at the earliest, while Netanyahu will also have the option to appeal to the Supreme Court. A spokesperson for Israeli President Isaac Herzog said Netanyahu’s request for a pardon was “extraordinary,” carrying with it “significant implications.” Herzog is from a different political movement than Netanyahu, and relations between the two men have occasionally been strained. In accordance with “guidelines and procedures,” Netanyahu’s request is “currently being transferred to the Pardons Department in the Ministry of Justice which will gather the opinions of all the relevant authorities,” read the statement, without indicating when a decision might be reached. In his video message, Netanyahu also cited Trump’s recent appeal for the trial to be cancelled, saying it would allow the two leaders to "promote more vigorously the vital interests shared by Israel and the United States in a window of time that is unlikely to return." Trump penned a letter to Herzog two weeks ago asking the president to grant Netanyahu a full pardon. At the time, Herzog's office had said that "anyone seeking a pardon must submit a request in accordance with the established procedures." Defense Minister Israel Katz and National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir both immediately backed the proposed pardon, with Katz citing the "complex security reality" in Israel. Benny Gantz, a political rival of Netanyahu, said that the pardon request was "fake" and urged him: "Instead of fanning the flames, extinguish the fire you created within Israeli society." In an unrelated case, the ICC last year issued a warrant for Netanyahu's arrest over alleged war crimes committed in Gaza. The warrant theoretically puts Netanyahu at risk of arrest if he steps foot in an ICC member country, though the body has no police force and is reliant on international cooperation.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/nfl/nfl-commanders-bengals-injury-quarterback-rcna245939
Article: Down 31 points to Seattle, Washington chose to keep Daniels, last season’s NFL offensive rookie of the year and the franchise’s cornerstone, in the game rather than sit him to avoid the risk of injury. As Quinn said on Wednesday: “We would not put him out there if he’s not able to fully express who he is as a player.” Jayden Daniels of the Washington Commanders leaves the field after injuring his left arm. He looked fantastic,” said Mark Manjardi, a lifelong fan of the franchise who was so dedicated he flew to Spain to watch the team face Miami in November, in a game Daniels missed. It sucks but it is what it is.” The Commanders aren’t the only team who could, theoretically, place their franchise star in proverbial bubble wrap and tank the rest of the season with the aim of earning a better draft pick. Though NBA teams do not explicitly say so, team executives, agents and players have long shared their belief that shelving a promising player for the remainder of a season often has more to do with improving a team’s odds of landing a high draft pick than it does with the severity of an injury. Cincinnati quarterback Joe Burrow suffered a turf toe injury in Week 2 and missed the next nine weeks as his team cratered to a 3-8 record, with commentators making their case for why neither the Bengals, nor Burrow, were best-served by continuing to play him. That will lead into that decision.” It’s safe to say the Bengals were glad they made the decision to start Burrow, who threw two touchdowns in Thursday’s 32-14 win against Baltimore. Angst around the risk of Daniels hurting himself again has grown because his elbow dislocation was his third injury this season, after he previously missed three games for a sprained knee and tweaked hamstring. He wants to play, he wants to compete.” Daniels confirmed that sentiment when telling reporters Tuesday, “If I’m healthy and ready to go, I want to be out there.” Washington ranks in the league’s bottom half in sacks allowed. What else we're watching for in Week 13 49ers (8-4) at Browns (3-8): Cleveland defensive end Myles Garrett is threatening to break the NFL’s single-season sack record of 22.5, with 18 sacks in just 11 games. Falcons (4-7) at Jets (2-9): New York is the first team in NFL history with one or fewer turnovers through 11 games in a season since turnovers were first tracked in 1933. Cardinals tight end Trey McBride’s 301 career receptions are tied with Jimmy Graham for the most by a tight in their first four seasons in NFL history, per NBC Sports research. Carolina has been outscored by 53 points in the aggregate, which is the worst mark by a .500-or-better team through 12 games since the 2019 Raiders, per NBC Sports research. Giants (2-10) at Patriots (10-2) Monday: When the Giants lost last week in Detroit, it was their fifth time this season blowing a double-digit lead on the road, the most in a single season in NFL history.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1kpjwee3g7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Tories urge financial regulator to investigate Reeves and Treasury over Budget build-up 20 minutes ago Share Save Michael Race Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Shadow chancellor Mel Stride has called for the UK's financial regulator to investigate "possible market abuse" by people working in the Treasury and Downing Street in the run-up the Budget. The move comes as Chancellor Rachel Reeves denied she misled the public over the state of the country's finances, after it emerged she and officials had been told they were in better shape than widely thought - but she still gave briefings that the Tories described as overly pessimistic. In his letter to the head of the regulator, Stride outlined briefings which were made in the run-up to the Budget over the picture of the country's finances, the economy, and speculation over tax rises. "It seems increasingly clear that the Chancellor has been giving an inaccurate picture of the economic and fiscal context and this appears to be driven by political considerations," he wrote. The reaction of financial markets has been closely watched in the run-up and aftermath of the Budget giving the impact the tax and spending policies could have on UK borrowing costs. On 4 November, she used a rare pre-Budget speech in Downing Street to warn the UK's productivity was weaker "than previously thought" and that "has consequences for the public finances too, in lower tax receipts." Then, on 10 November, Reeves told the BBC: "It would, of course be possible to stick with the manifesto commitments, but that would require things like deep cuts in capital spending." However, it has since emerged that the Office for Budget Responsbility (OBR), had told the Treasury on 31 October that it was on course to meet its main borrowing rule by £4.2bn, although the figure was less than the £9.9bn buffer Reeves had left herself last year. In a letter to the Commons Treasury select committee, OBR chairman Richard Hughes revealed that he also told the chancellor on 17 September that the public finances were in better shape than widely thought. Reports in the run-up to the Budget had suggested the chancellor could have faced a £20bn gap in meeting her tax and spending rules as a result of the OBR's productivity downgrade.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c075zd0j2j3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Kazakh pair accused of using spycam and earpieces to win A$1.2m in casino 2 hours ago Share Save Aleks Phillips Share Save NSW Police The couple are alleged to have used a hidden camera to read card games A husband and wife from Kazakhstan are alleged to have used a hidden camera and earpieces to fraudulently win nearly A$1.2m (£593,00; $784,000) in an Australian casino. The couple were caught after staff at the casino in the central Barangaroo neighbourhood of Sydney noticed Dilnoza Israilova, 36, wearing the small, discrete camera on her Mickey Mouse T-shirt, New South Wales Police said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cewjkn2ww8zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Leeds United manager Daniel Farke accused Manchester City's Gianluigi Donnarumma of feigning injury to "bend the rules" on Saturday so coach Pep Guardiola could get new instructions to his side. Outfield players used to go down injured to create this timeout but, in an attempt to combat this, from the start of the 2023/24 season they were ordered to stay off the field for 30 seconds. There was support for the idea that if a goalkeeper has treatment the team must nominate another player to go off for 30 seconds in their place, making it consistent with the regulation for other players.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5604679/drinking-water-pfas-genx-pollution-louisville-epa-chemours
Article: Here's what Louisville found toggle caption Visions of America/Joseph Sohm/Universal Images Group via Getty Images The Ohio River sends billions of gallons of water flowing past Louisville, Kentucky's pumping station every day, where the city's utility sucks it up to turn it into tap water. Almost a year ago, workers noticed an unexpected spike in the level of GenX detected in a sample of the raw, untreated water drawn from the Ohio River for filtering and processing. A lawyer, Robert Bilott, fought the plant's previous owner, DuPont, in court and ultimately revealed the company knew that a type of PFAS it was using, called PFOA, was toxic but didn't disclose that information. What Louisville's sudden spike means At the Louisville Water Co., the team's calculations eventually showed that the December 2024 spike in GenX levels corresponded to publicly-available data from Chemours, about its chemical discharges into the Ohio River. (Louisville is not a party in the lawsuit.) The company also contended that sampling data showed levels of GenX in the river and in downstream utilities' treated drinking water are "indisputably safe." Louisville Water's data showed the water sample it drew in December 2024 had elevated GenX levels, compared to previous months. After Trump's re-election, his new EPA administrator Lee Zeldin announced the agency will keep the rules for only two types of PFAS, called PFOA and PFOS, but drop the restrictions on the other four types, including GenX. In addition, the EPA announced it will give water utilities two additional years, until 2031, to comply with the remaining rules, in part because of the financial burden on rural water plants. The EPA took enforcement action in 2023, when it said it found Chemours' West Virginia factory had repeatedly exceeded permit limits for two types of forever chemicals, GenX and PFOA. Sponsor Message But West Virginia Rivers Coalition said in a court filing that the EPA's consent order for Chemours "is not being diligently prosecuted." Chemours declined to answer questions from NPR, citing ongoing litigation, except to point out that Louisville's "finished drinking water is safe for consumption" because the PFAS levels are below the EPA's regulatory limits, as stated on Louisville Water's own website, and in the annual water quality report of Cincinnati, which also draws from the Ohio River. "The Court recognized what communities have known for years: Chemours has been polluting our water and ignoring its legal obligations." In a court filing for the case, Goodmann said that elevated levels of GenX could make it more challenging for water utilities like Louisville's to comply with federal rules for safe drinking water. "It sounds weird, but source water protection – keeping the stuff out of the river – is a big deal." This story comes from NPR's health reporting partnership with Louisville Public Media and KFF Health News.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/11/30/how-europes-migration-policy-and-arms-empowered-sudans-warlords?traffic_source=rss
Article: Political instability, localised rebellions, and a simmering rivalry between the Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) and the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) – the successor to the Popular Defence Forces, government-backed militia known as the Janjaweed who committed war crimes in Darfur in the early 2000s – escalated into full-blown conflict. By mid-2023, Sudan was effectively split into contested zones, with major urban centres, such as Khartoum and Omdurman, transformed into battlefields, and millions of civilians displaced internally or forced across borders as refugees. Advertisement Between 2014 and 2018, the EU channelled more than 200 million euros ($232m at the current exchange rate) into Sudan via the EU Emergency Trust Fund for Africa (EUTF) and the Better Migration Management (BMM) initiative. As early as 2017, the Enough Project, an advocacy group focused on conflict, corruption and human rights, published a report titled Border Control from Hell, warning that “the gravest concern about the EU’s new partnership with Sudan is that the Rapid Support Forces (RSF), one of the most abusive paramilitary groups in the country, stands to benefit from EU funding” and that “the equipment that enables identification and registration of migrants will also reinforce the surveillance capabilities of a Sudanese government that has violently suppressed Sudanese citizens for the past 28 years”. Two years later, the EU had to suspend several migration-control activities in Sudan because there was a risk that resources could be “diverted for repressive aims”, according to an EU official document cited by German news outlet Deutsche Welle. And yet, a factsheet titled What the EU really does in Sudan, published on the bloc’s website in 2018, claimed: “The EU does not provide any financial support to the Government of Sudan … The Rapid Support Forces of the Sudanese military do not benefit directly or indirectly from EU funding.” All this raises an important question: If the EU knew of the risk of diversion, why did it still invest hundreds of millions into a context where control over the end use of training, equipment and funds was manifestly weak? Amnesty’s analysts verified images and videos from multiple Sudanese locations and concluded that, if deployed in Darfur, their use would breach the longstanding United Nations arms embargo on the region. In October, The Guardian reported that British military equipment, including small-arms target systems and engines for APCs, had been used by the RSF in Sudan, and they may have been supplied by the UAE. Recent reporting by Middle East Eye shows that the UK approved roughly $227m in military exports to the UAE between April and June this year, even after being informed that Emirati-supplied equipment had reached the RSF. In the mid-2010s, the National Conventional Arms Control Committee (NCACC) faced international and domestic scrutiny after South African-manufactured weapons and ammunition were reportedly used by Saudi and Emirati forces in Yemen. The South African authorities demanded that they be granted access to facilities in importer countries to ensure compliance with the end-user agreement – something the UAE and Saudi Arabia, along with several other countries, refused to provide. The NCACC in Pretoria and export control authorities in Brussels, Sofia, Paris and London must publish transparent audits of past licences, investigate credible diversion cases, and suspend new approvals where risk remains unmitigated.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/afghan-accused-shooting-2-national-guard-members-was-part-cia-backed-u-rcna246320
Article: Before Rahmanullah Lakanwal settled in a quiet part of Washington state, he was part of a secret unit of Afghans who operated under CIA direction and hunted down Taliban commanders in highly dangerous missions. They “took malignant actors off the battlefield and saved American lives, period,” said Andrew Sullivan, who served as an officer with the Army’s 1st Division in Afghanistan and is now executive director of No One Left Behind, a nonprofit that helps resettle Afghans who worked for the U.S. CIA officers hailed their bravery, skill and loyalty, and the agency prioritized their evacuation from Afghanistan following the fall of Kabul in 2021 because they were prime targets for the Taliban. But since arriving in the United States, thousands of these Afghan veterans have lived in a legal limbo without work permits, struggling to feed their families, according to refugee advocates. Their former CIA and military colleagues appealed to both the Biden and Trump administrations and to Congress to take action to resolve their legal status, warning that the lack of progress was driving some veterans into despair, the advocates said. Lakanwal, 29, is accused of driving across the country and shooting two National Guard members near the White House last week, killing Sarah Beckstrom, 20, and critically wounding Andrew Wolfe, 24. Authorities have not provided a motive for the shooting, and a relative of Lakanwal’s has said the family cannot fathom why a man who fought alongside Americans in Afghanistan may have carried out such an attack. In the wake of the shooting, President Donald Trump has called for a full review of all Afghans admitted to the country and a halt to processing any immigration requests from Afghans seeking to resettle in the United States. But Lakanwal, as a member of the CIA-trained strike force, would have undergone extensive vetting before he joined the Zero Unit and also regular security checks during his tenure, former intelligence and military officials said. “This animal would’ve never been here if not for Joe Biden’s dangerous policies which allowed countless unvetted criminals to invade our country and harm the American people,” Jackson said in an emailed response to a request for comment. “Vetting can help mitigate threats, but it doesn’t eliminate threats,” said Geeta Bakshi, a former CIA officer who worked in Afghanistan and now runs FAMIL, a nonprofit that assists members of the Zero Units. You never know what’s going on in someone’s head, or why their mindset shifts.” She added: “I understand the FBI is leading a very thorough investigation to get to these answers — we look forward to supporting them in their efforts.” Appeals for help The veterans of the Zero Units took part in intense combat. “If you bring people here and you don’t let them feel like there is any hope, you’re leaving them in a very troubling situation,” said a spokesperson for the nonprofit 1208 Foundation, which provides assistance to Afghans who worked with U.S. Two years ago, a former Afghan commander with the Zero Units, Mohammad Shah, wrote a letter warning lawmakers that his former troops are in “urgent crisis” and that Congress needed to act to resolve their legal status. Proposed bipartisan legislation, the Afghan Adjustment Act, would have put an end to the legal uncertainty for the Zero Units veterans and all other Afghans who worked for the U.S. As of July, about 3,000 members of the Zero Units still had no work permits and no certainty about their legal status, according to advocates who work with the veterans. During his first term, Trump agreed to a deal that called for the departure of all American troops from Afghanistan, and Biden decided to carry out the accord after delaying the exit day by several months.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/monument-gravestone-makers-tariffs-cremations.html
Article: "I have no idea if it will." Rome Monument is part of a fabric of small, family run companies that make memorialization products facing the dual challenges of levies and cremations. "But this tariff thing has been like a gut punch." In recent months, Milano has found himself rushing to communicate with his ordering controller when he sees a headline about higher levies to ensure his containers hit the water before they would take effect. Importers can see significantly different levy rates if the White House adjusts its trade policy between when memorial products are first ordered by customers and the granite is actually shipped to the U.S. "The uncertainty part is the hardest part we struggle with," said Nathan Lange, president of Monument Builders of North America, a trade group representing hundreds of business with an average lifespan of more than seven decades. At Kentucky-based PS Granite, operations chief Parthi Damo said they have delayed printing annual marketing materials for next year because they aren't sure if tariff rates could change again, which would mean prices need to be adjusted. Krimkate | Istock | Getty Images But memorial creators said that their smaller margins and lower volumes make it tougher to cover the costs than it would be for large retailers. "We can't go back to a grieving family and say, 'You know what, we got to add an additional $1,000 to your family's memorial to cover the tariffs.'" A changing business Even before the tariffs ramped up, the industry was busy reorienting itself for a future with fewer traditional burials. The U.S.' five-year cremation rate has surged to more than 60% in 2024, up from under 40% a decade and a half prior, according to the Cremation Association of North America. Dioguardi has considered expanding the work radius around his Pennsylvania headquarters to buoy demand for grave site products, a broader trend which he said has prompted a wave of acquisitions within the industry. At the same time, the 75-year-old knows that the fate of the business is married in part to whether people want their loved ones to have any sort of memorialization.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/top-wall-street-analysts-recommend-these-dividend-stocks-for-stable-income.html
Article: In this article COP IBM Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Cheng Xin | Getty Images News | Getty Images November has been quite volatile, with the high valuations of artificial intelligence stocks and expectations of an interest rate cut in December impacting investor sentiment. "We continue to view MPLX as one of the most compelling income plays among large-cap MLPs with an attractive current yield of ~8% and plans to grow further," said Scotto. The top-rated analyst expects MPLX to deliver higher EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) growth from 2025 to 2026 compared to the prior year, driven by the scale-up of key projects like the Secretariat processing plant, the Titan sour gas treatment expansion, and the BANGL pipeline system. Additionally, Scotto is optimistic about MPLX delivering mid-single-digit EBITDA growth beyond 2026, driven by contributions from the Eiger pipeline and its Gulf Coast fractionation and export facilities, along with potential mergers and acquisitions. Meanwhile, Scotto maintained her distribution per unit estimates and expects a 12.5% rise in 2026, followed by an incremental 12.5% hike in 2027, in line with the company's distribution growth target. Also, high-quality assets and lower costs are driving peer-leading free cash flow (FCF) growth for COP through 2030, with FCF/share estimated to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 12% from 2025 to 2030 at $70/bbl Brent, higher than the peer average of 8%.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/these-cheap-stocks-should-have-a-big-2026-jefferies-says.html
Article: As 2026 approaches, Jefferies believes that the market — which has been "very narrow" this year — should broaden out, driven by better earnings growth among small- and mid-cap stocks. "We looked for names below $55 billion [market cap with] improving earnings/sales growth rates in 2026, ranked relatively cheap on our GARP factor, while also having positive momentum using our 1-month change in 200-day moving average factor," the investment firm wrote, referring to "growth at a reasonable price." A few of the stocks from Jefferies' basket are highlighted below: One tech stock on the list was Lattice Semiconductor, up 24% this year. "With execution strength, differentiated technology, and a clear roadmap for growth, Lattice remains one of our top [small- to midcap] picks in semiconductors." Entergy, up 29% in 2025, was also highlighted by Jefferies. "One of our top utility ideas with among the best exposure to data center growth, accelerating and enhancing an already leading profile, Entergy is a 100%-regulated Gulf Coast utility serving Louisiana, Arkansas, Texas, and Mississippi," the bank wrote.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/ai-could-be-revolutionary-but-dont-lose-your-diversification-advisor-says.html
Article: With the promise of artificial intelligence not yet fully realized, investors are advised to spread their bets and not put all their eggs in one basket, according to Eric Diton of The Wealth Alliance. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite fell almost 2% in November, but at one point during the month was down nearly 8% from the October close, lagging behind small monthly gains in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and S & P 500 . AI stocks such as Broadcom and Palantir Technologies scored large gains in the past week, helping the market rebound from the prior week's loss, but Diton is also bullish on the broader market beyond tech. Earnings are going to be, for a lot of companies, better and better as they get way more efficient and productive." Areas in focus Diton points to emerging markets as one way diversify, saying that "some of the greatest companies in the world happen to just not be based in the United States." Helped by a weaker U.S. large caps are ahead more than 16% in 2025, while the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF (EEM) – which tracks large- and mid-cap emerging market stocks – has soared nearly 30%. Diton, a Columbia Business School MBA, also likes utilities, which he calls a "stealth AI play." Utilities are more than 19% higher in 2025, the third best performing sector in the S & P 500.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/black-box-airplane-crashes.html
Article: After the search for survivors and recovery of victims in tragic aviation accidents — like that of a UPS cargo plane shortly after takeoff from Louisville Muhammad Ali International Airport in Kentucky last month — comes the search for flight data and a cockpit voice recorder often called the "black box." Every commercial plane has them. "They're very crucial because it's one of the few sources of information that tells us what happened leading up to the accident," said Chris Babcock, branch chief of the vehicle recorder division at the National Transportation Safety Board. "It's our goal to to provide information back to our investigators who are on scene as quick as we can to help move the investigation forward." This crucial data can also help prevent future accidents. Crash worthy cockpit video recorders are already being installed in a lot of helicopters and other types of airplanes, but they're not required," said Jeff Guzzetti, aviation analyst and former accident investigator for the Federal Aviation Administration and NTSB.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g9x5k73zro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Corbyn and Sultana will not lead new left-wing party 13 minutes ago Share Save Sam Francis Political reporter Share Save EPA The new left-wing party being founded by Jeremy Corbyn and Zarah Sultana has voted not to have a single leader. "With a truly member-led party, we will offer something different: democratic, grassroots, accountable." Under the model, the party will be led by a Central Executive Committee (CEC) made up of 16-non politicians chosen by members, rather than a single leader. And less than a month out from its founding conference, MPs Adnan Hussain and Iqbal Mohamed left the group overseeing the project, citing a "toxic culture" - particularly towards Muslim men. Before leaving, both Hussain and Mohamed both put their name to a letter criticising Sultana for failing to transfer an estimated £800,000 of Your Party donations held by a company she controls. Sultana did not attend the opening day of the party's conference in protest of the expulsion of some members who had retained their membership of other left-wing groups, such as the Socialist Workers Party. A "democratic whip" system will allow the CEC to instruct MPs to vote in line with party policy on crucial issues, though local branches will decide any sanctions for breaking the whip. Under the new constitution, the Independent Alliance of MPs - made up of Corbyn, Ayoub Khan and Shockat Adam - will oversee the selection of candidates for next year's local election, alongside a members' oversight committee made up of randomly selected members.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/good-makes-us-feel-good-holidays-127978160
Article: The holiday season is a popular time for volunteering, but experts say giving back is beneficial year-round Why doing good also makes us feel good, during the holidays and beyond FILE - Volunteer Brent Cohen carries plates of food to guests during the annual Thanksgiving banquet at the Denver Rescue Mission on Nov. “When we feel grateful for all we have, that motivates us to do good things for other people who have helped us, and also to do good things for new people," said Sarah Schnitker, a psychologist at Baylor University. “In Hinduism, Divali is a time of lights and festiveness and good eating, but also a time in which people give gifts to really express what people have meant to them.” For Muslims, Ramadan, which ends with the festival of Eid al-Fitr, is a time for reflection, gratitude and acts of charity. But what we do have is that we’re super cooperators; we can do more in groups than alone.” Of course, humans aren’t always cooperative and generous — sometimes we’re also selfish and stubborn. On an individual level, “giving, volunteering and generosity have the ability to increase our sense of meaning and purpose in life,” said Jenae Nelson, a developmental psychologist at Brigham Young University “There’s a quick dopamine hit sometimes called the ‘helpers high.' But there’s also that deeper reward of helping us to establish purpose and meaning,” she said. “By helping other people and believing that small acts can change the world, you can bring coherence to your own life.” After Mia Thelen retired as a nurse in Owosso, Michigan, she began volunteering for the American Red Cross, starting out by minding the office phones during blood drives before gradually taking on more organizational and administrative responsibilities. Another common holiday tradition — sending greeting cards to family and old friends — also provides a chance to enhance or renew social ties, which people are often surprisingly reluctant to do, said Lara Aknin, a social psychologist at Simon Fraser University. But on the flip side, “people who’ve just heard from old friends report it as a really positive experience.” So go ahead and write those cards or make those phone calls, she said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/polls-open-in-honduras-presidential-election-marked-by-fraud-accusations?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hondurans are heading to the polls to elect a new president in a tightly contested race that is taking place amid concerns over voter fraud in the impoverished Central American country. Most polls show a virtual tie between three of the five contenders: former Defence Minister Rixi Moncada of the governing leftist Liberty and Refoundation (LIBRE) party; former Tegucigalpa Mayor Nasry Asfura of the right-wing National Party; and television host Salvador Nasralla of the centrist Liberal Party. The elections, in which the 128 members of Congress, hundreds of mayors, and thousands of other public officials will also be chosen, are taking place in a highly polarised climate, with the three top candidates accusing each other of plotting fraud. “This would be a huge step forward for democracy in our country.” Amid the heated atmosphere, 6.5 million Hondurans will decide between continuing with Castro’s left-wing social and economic agenda or shifting towards a conservative agenda by supporting the Liberal or National parties. US stance The Organization of American States has expressed concerns about the electoral process, and the majority of its members in an extraordinary session this week called for the government to conduct elections free of intimidation, fraud and political interference. US Deputy Secretary of State Christopher Landau also warned on X that the United States will respond “swiftly and decisively to anyone who undermines the integrity of the democratic process in Honduras”. Honduras, where six out of every 10 citizens live in poverty, experienced a coup in 2009 when an alliance of right-wing military figures, politicians and businessmen overthrew Manuel Zelaya, the husband of the current president.

Link: https://abc7ny.com/post/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-submits-request-pardon-during-ongoing-corruption-trial/18229834/
Article: Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu submits request for a pardon during his ongoing corruption trial TEL AVIV -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday asked the country's president to grant him a pardon from corruption charges - seeking to end a long-running trial that has bitterly divided the nation. The president's office called it an "extraordinary request," carrying with it "significant implications." Netanyahu is the only sitting prime minister in Israeli history to stand trial, after being charged with fraud, breach of trust and accepting bribes in three separate cases accusing him of exchanging favors with wealthy political supporters. Earlier this month Trump also sent a letter to President Isaac Herzog calling the corruption case "political, unjustified prosecution." In a videotaped statement, Netanyahu said the trial has divided the country and that a pardon would help restore national unity. Netanyahu has taken the stand multiple times over the past year, but the case has been repeatedly delayed as he has dealt with wars and unrest stemming from the Hamas-led militant attacks of October 2023. They'll be sent to the Justice Ministry for opinions and will then be transferred to the Legal Advisor in the Office of the President, which will formulate additional opinions for the president. AP Photo/Ohad Zwigenberg Netanyahu claims there's a conspiracy to remove him In 2008, as opposition leader, Netanyahu called on then-Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to step down as he faced a growing corruption scandal. At the time, Netanyahu said that a prime minister "up to his neck" in scandal did not have a mandate to lead the country, and there was a risk that Olmert would make decisions that served his personal interests, and not those of the nation. The plan triggered massive street protests against the government, and critics have said the deep divisions sent a message of weakness to Israel's enemies that encouraged Hamas to launch its 2003 attacks. The Movement for Quality Government in Israel said granting a pardon to a prime minister accused of serious offenses of fraud and breach of trust would send a clear message that there are citizens who are above the law.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cm20j8p0qgeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: As well as those FA Cup wins, he led West Ham back into the former First Division at the end of the 1980/81 season, a campaign during which they also lost to Liverpool in the League Cup Final after a replay. Bonds, who won the coveted "Hammer Of The Year" four times, was handed the Professional Footballers' Association Merit award in 1988, and also received the MBE for services to football in the same year. The fact that Bonds never won a full England cap has been a source of contention for decades, particularly among West Ham supporters, his name also placed alongside the likes of Manchester United's Steve Bruce and Everton midfield man Howard Kendall among those who never gained the accolade. Bonds was an unused substitute when England, with his former West Ham manager Ron Greenwood in charge, beat Italy 2-0 in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley in November 1977. He missed out narrowly again in May 1981 when he was in line for selection for England's friendly against Brazil at Wembley, only to sustain broken ribs in a clash with his own goalkeeper Phil Parkes at the end of the season, ruling him out. Bonds was also in charge when West Ham reached the FA Cup semi-final in 1991, but West Ham never recovered from Tony Gale's controversial first-half sending off, losing 4-0 to Nottingham Forest. He was presented with the club's Lifetime Achievement Award, the first time it was presented, in 2013 and was visibly emotional when the club re-named the East Stand at the London Stadium in his honour in February 2019. Bonds was an all-action, versatile player who mixed remarkable fitness, a fiercely competitive nature and skill into a potent combination that was at the heart of everything he and West Ham did. Football fans of a certain age, especially at West Ham, will conjure up instant images of the bearded Bonds, caked in mud from the 70s and 80s pitches, socks rolled down and his head occasionally bandaged up – but always ready to carry the fight to the opposition.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/noem-national-guard-shooting-suspect-radicalized-us/story?id=127977510
Article: Noem says National Guard shooting suspect could have been radicalized in US Secretary of Homeland Security Kristie Noem said that authorities believe the suspected shooter who opened fire on National Guardsmen in Washington, D.C., last week might have been radicalized after he arrived in the United States. And then, maybe vetted after that, but not done well, based on what the guidelines were put forward by President Biden," Noem told ABC News' "This Week" co-anchor Jonathan Karl on Sunday morning. "And now, since he's been here, we believe he could have been radicalized in his home community and in his home state." Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem appears on ABC News' "This Week" on Nov. ABC News Pressed by Karl on whether any vetting had been performed by the Trump administration, which was in office when Lankwal was granted asylum earlier this year, Noem said that the information that was used to vet him was collected by the previous administration. It happened under Joe Biden, and that has been completely fixed, and new metrics and new processes have been added under President Trump." But ABC News contributor and former Homeland Security undersecretary for intelligence John Cohen said under Operation Allies Welcome, those traveling to the U.S. "These people spent anywhere from a couple of days to a couple of weeks, in some cases months, at these third-country lilypad sites," Sam Aronson, a former State Department official who spent 10 days in Kabul at the height of the U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/international-student-enrollment-decline.html
Article: This year's sharp enrollment decline — largely due to the Trump administration's changes to the student visa policy — is projected to cost the economy $1.1 billion, according to a separate analysis from NAFSA: Association of International Educators. A separate analysis by Implan, an economic software and analysis company, found that when accounting for the direct loss of student spending as well as the ripple effects across the economy, the drop in enrollment amounts to a nearly $1 billion loss to gross domestic product. "Their spending supports thousands of jobs, stimulates local businesses, and generates tax revenue that underpins community services." Before the Trump administration put a temporary pause on new visa applications in the spring, there were nearly 1.2 million international undergraduate and graduate students in the U.S., mostly from India and China, making up about 6% of the total U.S. "A close read of enrollment figures from last year and this fall shows that the pipeline of global talent in the United States is in a precarious position," Fanta Aw, NAFSA's executive director and CEO, said in a statement. In addition to the value of international student perspectives, foreign students typically pay full tuition, which makes international enrollment an important source of revenue for colleges and universities, according to Open Doors' survey of more than 825 institutions.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/franchise-business-costs-opportunities-risks.html
Article: There have always been what are described as "low-cost" franchises — there is no precise definition as some businesses tagged with the description require as little as $10,000-$15,000, while the International Franchise Association typically cites those requiring under $100,000 to start. "We're seeing a significant rise in emerging franchise opportunities across sectors like pet services, tutoring, mobile car detailing, fitness coaching, home services, and even wellness," said Brian Luciani, chief growth officer at SMB Franchise Advisors. In its own materials, McDonald's recommends a minimum of $750,000 in liquid assets to be considered as a franchisee and at least $100,000 of working capital required for each restaurant purchased. The wide financial gap between new low-cost and existing higher cost franchise models is part of the problem, according to Keith Miller, public affairs director for the American Association of Franchisees. They advise any current or prospective franchise owner to consider the following factors: Headline investment numbers don't tell the whole story "When it comes to franchising, the headline investment number you see — typically $25,000 to $50,000 — can be very appealing, especially for first-time entrepreneurs looking for lower cost entry points to business ownership," Luciani said. New, unproven franchise models often rely on selling licenses Miller says prospective franchisees are drawn in with visions of being their own boss, having a proven business model, and no experience necessary. A focus on low-cost alone can result in failure The history of the franchise business is full of examples of the lure of low entry costs leading to business owners getting bogged down in bigger expenses later. Heather Lawley of Forney, Texas, owned a Jazzercise franchise, paying $1,250 for the "audition." Jazzercise was once a pioneer in low-cost franchising, but now competes in the space with scores of other fitness businesses. Working capital is as important as start-up costs Jenn Woodhull-Smith, a lecturer in North Carolina State University's Poole College of Management, teaches franchising, and draws upon her own experience as a low-cost franchise owner. She owned Fun 4 Raleigh Kids, part of the Fun 4 US Kids franchise network of hyperlocal sites that cater to families, and which has an initial investment estimated in a range of $26,000-$59,000, according to Entrepreneur.com's Franchise 500 rankings (the franchisor's website lists a franchise fee as low as $10,000, but the franchise fee is one component of initial investment costs). Look for a franchise that offers experience-based training Woodhull-Smith says that the appeal of a franchise, even at – or maybe especially at – the sub-$100,000 level is that, in theory, the corporate entity has already done the spadework. "You don't need to be fancy, you need revenue." Legal protections in the franchise industry are not strong Low-cost franchise models, in particular, suffer from a lack of oversight and generally less candidate vetting. He said the bill aims to "give franchisees access to the courts so that they can address claims against the franchisor, putting them on a level playing field when enforcing their rights." Currently, individual franchisees cannot file their own lawsuits against franchisors for violating FTC rules — only the federal government can enforce those regulations. Many potential business pitfalls are buried in documents Miller says the legal warnings for any entrepreneur interested in the franchise business are many and range well beyond limited government involvement in franchising. People blow through their SBA loan, second mortgage on their house, credit card debt, and even if they are successful in the business they still can't outrun the debt," Miller said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/israel-attacks-on-syria-what-happened-who-did-israel-claim-it-was-after?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Israeli army’s 55th Reserve Brigade raided Beit Jinn in the early hours of Friday morning, ostensibly to take three Syrians who live there, claiming they were members of Jamaa al-Islamiya and that they posed a “danger to Israel”. “We were asleep when we were woken up at three in the morning by gunfire,” Iyad Daher, a wounded resident, told the AFP news agency from al-Mouwasat Hospital in Damascus. “Then they withdrew, the air force came – and the shells started falling.” This was the deadliest of Israel’s more than 1,000 strikes on Syria since the fall of the Assad regime Why were Israeli forces in Syria? Advertisement Israeli officials and government-aligned media say Israel can no longer respect its enemies’ borders or allow “hostile” groups along its borders after the Hamas-led attack on October 7, 2023, and Israel has sought to use force in other countries to create buffer zones around itself, in the Gaza Strip, Syria and Lebanon. Al Jazeera’s Osama Bin Javaid reported from Syria that Israel has yet to offer any proof of the claim that the people it was after were involved with the group. Advertisement After Israel’s claims that it was involved in southern Syria, the group released a statement on Friday stating that it was “surprised” Israeli media had involved it in what happened in Beit Jinn.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/how-much-money-you-need-to-be-in-the-wealthiest-10-percent-of-americans.html
Article: households by net worth grew from about $1.3 million to roughly $1.8 million over the last five years, largely due to rising stock and home values, according to a recent Visa analysis of 2024 U.S. In absolute terms, households already in the top 10% by net worth saw their wealth grow more than any other cohort over the last five years, according to the Federal Reserve's distribution of wealth data. Visa defines "affluent" households as those who either earn at least $210,000 or have a net worth of about $1.8 million, a level that places them above 90% of U.S.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/ive-studied-over-200-kids-parents-who-raise-the-happiest-kids-do-9-things-together-every-morning.html
Article: Self-regulate before you reconnect Before your child wakes up, take just 60 seconds to check in with yourself: Take a few deep breaths, a moment of stillness with your coffee, or a quick meditation. Create pockets of calm amid chaos Integrate small rituals that slow the pace, like playing soft music during breakfast, sitting together without screens, or implementing a 30-second family huddle before heading out. Find moments for laughter Even in the midst of spilled milk and mismatched socks, find opportunities for playfulness, like a silly voice, a 10-second dance party, or a shared inside joke. Check in emotionally, not just logistically Before diving into the day's logistics, pause to check in with how your child is feeling: "How's your heart this morning?" or "What's one thing you're looking forward to today?" These brief emotional check-ins build emotional literacy, which is one of the strongest predictors of lifelong resilience and happiness. Then add a "connection bridge," or something to look forward to later: "I can't wait to hear about your science project tonight," or "Let's make pancakes tomorrow morning." Let go of the idea that every morning needs to be rushed, or that the day is in shambles because they didn't finish their homework the night before.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/the-10-fastest-growing-jobs-of-the-next-decade-according-to-blsmany-can-pay-6-figures.html
Article: Based on the report, the top-growing industry sectors for 2034 are health care and social assistance and professional, scientific and technical services, which have projected growth rates of 8.4% and 7.5%, respectively. One of the main reasons that the health-care industry is expected to grow so rapidly is because the American population is aging, according to Emily Krutsch, branch chief at the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Based on the Bureau of Labor Statistics' data, these are the fastest-growing occupations for 2034, as well as the expected increase in jobs by 2034 and the current median salary for each role. Plus, sign up for CNBC Make It's newsletter to get tips and tricks for success at work, with money and in life, and request to join our exclusive community on LinkedIn to connect with experts and peers.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/pope-leo-xiv-doubles-insistence-2-state-solution-127980826
Article: Pope Leo XIV has doubled down on the Holy See’s insistence on a two-state solution to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict Pope Leo XIV talks to reporters aboard an aircraft on his way to Beirut, Lebanon, Sunday, Nov. (Andreas Solaro/Pool Via AP) ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE -- Pope Leo XIV doubled down Sunday on the Holy See’s insistence on a two-state solution to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying in his first airborne news conference that it was the “only solution” that could guarantee justice for both sides. Though Leo has been fielding journalists’ questions at informal gatherings at his country house, the brief encounter marked his first news conference as pope and followed the tradition of his predecessors of using his trips to engage with the media. The American pope was asked by one about his private talks with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan upon his arrival in Ankara and whether they discussed the wars in Gaza and Ukraine. Leo confirmed they had, and said that Turkey had an “important role to play” in both conflicts, noting that Erdogan’s government had already helped facilitate low-level negotiations between Russia and Ukraine to end the war. But today there are new, concrete proposals for peace.” He said that the Holy See hopes that Erdogan would pursue his dialogue with Ukraine, Russia and the United States to help reach a ceasefire and end the nearly four-year war. “We know that in this moment, Israel doesn’t accept this solution, but we see it as the only one that can offer a solution to the conflict that they are living in,” he said. “We are also friends with Israel and we try with both sides to be a mediating voice that can help bring them closer to a solution with justice for all.” Leo had avoided any direct mention of the Gaza conflict while in Turkey. And in his brief remarks to journalists summarizing his trip so far, he omitted any reference to his visit to Istanbul’s Blue Mosque, his most visible engagement with Turkey’s Muslim majority. The Nicaean Creed is still recited today by millions of Christians around the world and, despite schisms and other divisions, is a rare point of agreement among Catholic, Orthodox and most Protestant believers. During a joint meeting Saturday, he proposed that they come together in an important way in 2033 in Jerusalem, to commemorate the 2,000th anniversary of Christ’s crucifixion and resurrection, as a new visible sign of their unity.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyz82z7p8zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Indonesia searches for hundreds missing in deadly floods 30 minutes ago Share Save Astudestra Ajengrastri , Jakarta and Patrick Jackson Share Save Reuters Residents look at flood damage in Padang on Sunday Rescuers in Indonesia are searching for at least 400 people who have been reported missing, many believed to be buried under landslides, after cyclonic rains caused disastrous flooding nearly a week ago. AFP via Getty Images This sick villager was evacuated in Aceh on Saturday An exceptionally rare tropical storm, named Cyclone Senyar, caused catastrophic landslides and flooding in Indonesia, with homes swept away and thousands of buildings submerged. Reuters Aid was delivered by navy helicopter to Palembayan on Sunday In Sungai Nyalo village, about 100km (62 miles) from West Sumatra's capital Padang, floodwaters had mostly receded on Sunday, leaving homes, vehicles and crops coated in thick grey mud, AFP reports. Police spokesperson Ferry Walintukan said there were reports of people breaking into shops on Sumatra, and police had been sent in to restore order, the Associated Press news agency reported. "[Residents] didn't know that aid would come and were worried they would starve." In another development, tech billionaire Elon Musk said he would provide free Starlink services to support communications during the emergency.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/long-lost-rubens-painting-depicting-crucifixion-sells-27m-127981308
Article: A long-lost painting by Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens has sold for $2.7 million at an auction on Sunday Auction officer Jean-Pierre Osenat gestures as the long-lost painting "Crucifixion of Jesus Christ" by Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens was sold at auction for 2,3 million euros or $2.66 million in Versailles, west of Paris, Nov. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) Auction officer Jean-Pierre Osenat gestures as the long-lost painting "Crucifixion of Jesus Christ" by Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens was sold at auction for 2,3 million euros or $2.66 million in Versailles, west of Paris, Nov. (AP Photo/Michel Euler) VERSAILLES, France -- A long-lost painting by Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens, which was hidden for more than four centuries, sold at 2.3 million euros ($2.7 million) at an auction Sunday in Versailles. “And finally, we managed to have it authenticated by the Rubenianum, which is the Rubens committee in Antwerp.” Nils Büttner, an expert known for his research on Rubens, explained before the auction that the master often painted crucifictions but rarely depicted "the crucified Christ as a dead body on the cross." “So this is the one and only painting showing blood and water coming out of the side wound of Christ, and this is something that Rubens only painted once.” The Osenat auction house said the painting’s authenticity and provenance were confirmed after scientific analysis.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/bay-area-kids-rentals-silicon-valley-parents-built-lucrative-side-hustle.html
Article: This story is part of CNBC Make It's Six-Figure Side Hustle series, where people with lucrative side hustles break down the routines and habits they've used to make money on top of their full-time jobs. Bay Area Kids Rentals has been profitable since the beginning, but the couple doesn't take an income from the side hustle, and is instead reinvesting those funds back into the business to expand its rental line, Dolu says. Tayo and Dolu's first party was for an event planner, who found the company on Instagram and requested pink chairs for a Barbie-themed party for her daughter in August 2022. "My day job would end, then I'd go and work on parties for Silicon Valley CEOs' children." The couple works a combined eight hours per week running Bay Area Kids Rentals. Here's how Tayo and Dolu started their luxury party rental business, how they attracted high-profile clients and how their individual skillsets make them strong partners: CNBC Make It: Do you think the success of your side hustle is replicable?

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/tech-founder-launched-a-landline-style-phone-and-sold-120k-of-them-in-3-days.html
Article: "I was kind of just sitting around [thinking] it'd be so cute if we still had landline phones and you could twirl the cord and talk with your friends," she tells CNBC Make It. "That just felt nostalgic and chic to me." Looking into it, she didn't realize getting a landline for her apartment would require getting a new number and paying for a phone line. So, the 20-something zillennial built her own version from a phone she thrifted: "I literally just hijacked a landline phone and made it Bluetooth compatible." The pink clamshell handset quickly became the most talked-about feature in her apartment.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/pope-leo-insists-on-2-state-solution-to-resolve-israel-palestine-conflict?traffic_source=rss
Article: On the flight, the pontiff was asked by reporters about his private talks with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan upon his arrival in Ankara, and whether they discussed the wars in Gaza and Ukraine. “We know that in this moment, Israel doesn’t accept this solution, but we see it as the only one that can offer a solution to the conflict that they are living in,” said Leo. “We are also friends with Israel, and we try with both sides to be a mediating voice that can help bring them closer to a solution with justice for all.” The pope has avoided any direct mention of Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza while in Turkiye. ‘Glimmer of hope’ The American pontiff landed in Beirut and is now set to meet Lebanon’s President Joseph Aoun, the Arab world’s only Christian head of state, and deliver a speech to authorities and diplomats at the presidential palace later in the afternoon. ‘For the sake of peace’ Lebanon’s diverse communities have also welcomed the papal trip with leading Druze cleric Sheikh Sami Abi al-Muna saying Lebanon “needs the glimmer of hope represented by this visit”. He will also lead an outdoor mass on the Beirut waterfront and visit a psychiatric hospital, one of the few mental health facilities in Lebanon, where healthcare workers and residents are eagerly anticipating his arrival.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/is-us-president-donald-trump-preparing-to-strike-venezuela?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump declared on Saturday that Venezuelan airspace had been “closed”, without offering any further details, spiking tensions between Washington and Caracas amid months of military build-up in the Caribbean. Ramping up pressure on Maduro last week, Washington designated what is known among Venezuelans as the Cartel de los Soles, or Cartel of the Suns in English, as a “foreign terrorist organization”. Advertisement Within a few weeks into his second term, Trump nixed Venezuelan oil concessions granted by his predecessor, Joe Biden, imposed 25 percent tariffs on countries buying oil from Venezuela, and doubled the reward for the arrest of Maduro to $50m, designating him a “global terrorist leader”. In recent weeks, Trump confirmed that he has authorised the CIA to carry out secret operations in Venezuela, as his administration deployed the world’s largest aircraft carrier, USS Gerald R Ford, other warships, thousands of troops, and F-35 stealth jets to the Caribbean. Amid heightened military tensions, Trump reportedly spoke with Maduro last week, as per reporting by The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, before sanctions against Cartel de los Soles came into effect. “The victims are engaged in warfare against the United States, except in Trump’s fantasyland – a page from George Orwell’s 1984.” By designating the Cartel de los Soles, which now Washington equates with the Venezuelan state, as a “foreign terrorist organization”, the Trump administration is posing that this is no longer a war between two nations that requires congressional declaration, but a counterterrorism operation against a non-state actor. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement that Trump’s statement sought “to affect the sovereignty of [Venezuelan] airspace, constituting yet another extravagant, illegal and unjustified aggression against the Venezuelan people”. In a mix of Spanish and English, Maduro declared, “No war … Yes peace, forever.” On November 15, Maduro invoked singer John Lennon’s peace anthem “Imagine” during a rally of supporters. Foreign policy analysts argue that Trump’s aggressive policies towards the Venezuelan government are rooted in Caracas’s oil holdings, the world’s largest proven reserves, and to establish US supremacy in the Western Hemisphere. Salvador Santino Regilme, a political scientist who leads the international relations programme at Leiden University, said Washington wants Venezuela to align firmly with US strategic preferences instead of China, Russia, or Iran. US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and Department of State data consistently identify Mexico, specifically the Sinaloa and Jalisco New Generation cartels, as the manufacturing hub for synthetic opioids, utilising precursors imported from China. Venezuela does not even serve as a significant transit corridor for the drug that overwhelmingly enters the US through legal ports of entry, along the southwest land border rather than via the Caribbean maritime routes currently being targeted by the US Navy. Advertisement At a Group of Seven foreign ministers’ meeting in Canada’s Niagara region, French Foreign Minister Jean-Noel Barrot said the strikes “violate international law” and were concerning France’s territories in the wider region. “They certainly don’t get to determine how the United States defends its national security.” Colombia has been vocal against the US actions as a conflict would impact the country, which shares a 2,219km-long (1,378-mile) border with Venezuela. Brazil’s President Lula da Silva has taken a more diplomatic but equally firm stance, telling reporters in Johannesburg, South Africa, “no president of another country should make assumptions about what Venezuela … will be like”. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov condemned the US strikes as “unacceptable” in televised remarks, adding, “This is how, in general, lawless countries act, as well as those who consider themselves above the law.” Chinese President Xi Jinping, in a late November letter to Maduro, reaffirmed the two nations as “intimate friends, dear brothers, and good partners”, saying “China resolutely opposes the meddling of external forces in Venezuela’s internal affairs under any pretext”. Marjorie Taylor Greene, one of the most vocal faces of MAGA, had a public falling-out with Trump over his administration’s focus on foreign conflicts at the expense of the pressing economic issues, including the cost-of-living crisis, facing Americans. Rubio, who is also the national security adviser, has pushed for a tough policy against Venezuela – an agenda that serves his support base in Florida, home to a significant population of Cuban and Venezuelan immigrants. Confronting an “authoritarian socialist narco-regime” plays well domestically for Trump as well, said Regilme, the foreign policy expert, adding that it ties “together anticommunism, border security, and the promise to be tough on crime”. “Trump has little appetite for large-scale occupations, but he has repeatedly embraced highly visible uses of force that send a clear message to domestic audiences and foreign elites while limiting US casualties.”

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/watch-rubio-meets-with-ukrainian-delegation-to-discuss-peace-and-post-war-plans
Article: (AP) — Top Trump administration officials met with Ukrainian negotiators in Florida on Sunday, pushing to broker an end to Russia’s war in Ukraine and setting the stage for key talks planned this week in Moscow with Russian leader Vladimir Putin. Secretary of State Marco Rubio, special envoy Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner, the son-in-law of President Donald Trump, held talks with a Ukrainian delegation to further hash out the details of a proposed peace framework. “But it’s also about securing an end to the war that leaves Ukraine sovereign and independent and with an opportunity at real prosperity.” “This is not just about peace deals,” the top American diplomat said as the teams sat down at the Shell Bay Club, a golf and racket club developed by Witkoff in Hallandale Beach. It was only a week ago that Rubio had met with Yermak in Geneva, with each side saying the talks had been positive in putting together a revised peace plan. The plan, which Trump has since played down as a “concept” or a “map” to be “fine-tuned,” would have imposed limits on the size of Ukraine’s military, blocked the country from joining NATO and required Ukraine to hold elections in 100 days. Zelenskyy wrote on X that the Ukrainian delegation would “swiftly and substantively work out the steps needed to end the war.” In his nightly address on Saturday, Zelenskyy said the American side was “demonstrating a constructive approach.” “In the coming days it is feasible to flesh out the steps to determine how to bring the war to a dignified end,” he said. Attacks continue despite diplomatic efforts to end the war On Saturday, Russian drone and missile attacks in and around Ukraine’s capital, Kyiv, killed at least three people and wounded dozens more, officials said. Fresh attacks overnight into Sunday killed one person and wounded 19 others, including four children, local officials said, when a drone hit a nine-story apartment block in the city of Vyshhorod in the Kyiv region. After Ukraine claimed responsibility for damaging a major oil terminal on Saturday near the Russian port of Novorossiysk, owned by the Caspian Pipeline Consortium, Kazakhstan told Ukraine on Sunday to stop attacking the Black Sea terminal. “We view what has occurred as an action harming the bilateral relations of the Republic of Kazakhstan and Ukraine, and we expect the Ukrainian side to take effective measures to prevent similar incidents in the future,” Kazakhstan’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1m8nx0dv94o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Power outage leads to widespread rail disruption 23 minutes ago Share Save Alex Moss , Rachel Russell and Grace Wood , Yorkshire Share Save Grace Wood/BBC Many trains have been cancelled or face delays A power outage has caused major disruption to rail services at Leeds Station. Grace Wood/BBC Passengers are unable to get past the ticket barriers to access the platforms LNER said due to the severity of the disruption and the number of cancellations, customers were advised to defer travel and use their tickets for services later on or on Monday. "We apologise for the disruption and thank passengers for their patience." At the scene - Grace Wood, BBC Yorkshire At Leeds Station, hundreds of people are waiting to see when and if they will be able to travel today. She said: "My train was cancelled coming here and how I can't get home." She said she would not wait around much longer as she was starting to get cold in her shorts. She added: "Running home along the canal home has crossed my mind!" Helen, from Bingley, had also took part in the event and was waiting to get home, but said: "I'm absolutely not considering running back!" Katie was waiting for a train home after completing a 10k race Other impacted passengers included Gillian Potter who was supposed to be on the 13:05 service to King's Cross, the first step on her more than 18-hour journey to Thailand. She said: "I'm trying to be calm because actually there's nothing I can do, is there?" Ms Potter, whose flight leaves Heathrow at 21:00 GMT, left her home near Wetherby earlier for her eight-week trip. She said: "It's a bit worrying for me to get to where I'm getting, but my son's with me and I was going to be met anyway at King's Cross. So he's ringing them and telling them that I won't be on the 13:05 train." Meanwhile, the disruption has had a knock-on-effect at other stations, including Doncaster, where other passengers have been affected as many of the trains are scheduled to travel through Leeds.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz0n3x3d3v4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Minute's silence held for boy fatally hit by train 2 hours ago Share Save Asha Patel Nottingham Share Save PA Media Both Forest and Brighton players wore black armbands for the match Nottingham Forest have held a minute's silence in memory of teenager Joshua Travis who was fatally hit by a train in Nottinghamshire. British Transport Police Joshua's family said his death left a gap in their lives that would be "impossible to fill" In a tribute on social media, Forest said they were "deeply saddened" by the death of Joshua, who previously an academy goalkeeper. In a statement released through the BTP on Saturday, Joshua's family said he was "a lad with an incredible energy for life, an infectious and mischievous smile, kind sparkling eyes, and so much love to give". Dozens of bouquets of flowers were left at the gates of the Chestnut Grove footpath crossing in Burton Joyce A number of floral tributes were also left at the scene at the Chestnut Grove footpath level crossing in Burton Joyce, which was closed to the public for an initial 21 days. Network Rail's route director for the East Midlands Mark Budden said: "Safety is our top priority and we are fully supporting the RAIB as part of their ongoing inquiries." Follow BBC Nottingham on Facebook, on X, or on Instagram.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2dgp8mvmno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hondurans vote in election shadowed by Trump aid threats 40 minutes ago Share Save Emma Rossiter Share Save Getty Images Rixi Moncada, Salvador Nasralla and Nasry "Tito" Asfura Hondurans are casting their ballots in a general election that is being dominated by threats from US President Donald Trump. There are five presidential candidates on the bill, but the poll is essentially being seen as a three-way race between former defence minister Rixi Moncada of the leftist Libre party, TV host Salvador Nasralla from the centrist Liberals, and businessman Nasry "Tito" Asfura, of the right-wing National Party. Outgoing president Xiomara Castro, who was the country's first female president when she took office in 2021 for the Libre party, is not allowed to run for a second term under Honduran law. "If he doesn't win, the United States will not be throwing good money after bad, because a wrong Leader can only bring catastrophic results to a country, no matter which country it is," Trump wrote on his social media platform, Truth Social. Nasry Asfura has pledged in a series of social media posts to bring "development and opportunities for everyone", to "facilitate foreign and domestic investment into the country" and "generate employment for all." However, his party has been plagued by scandals and corruption accusations in recent years - including the sentencing of former party leader and ex-president Juan Orlando Hernández last year.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2081xew4vqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Treatment works issue leaves 24,000 without water 39 minutes ago Share Save Christian Fuller , South East and Cash Murphy , South East Share Save BBC A second water station opened at Tunbridge Wells Sports Centre in St John's Road About 24,000 customers are without water in Kent and the issue is set to continue through the night, a water company has confirmed. On Saturday, South East Water (SEW) apologised to customers in the Tunbridge Wells area who were experiencing a loss of water or low pressure due to an issue at a treatment works. "We have received a new batch of the affected chemical this morning and the required water quality checks are currently under way." Bottled water has been selling out at supermarkets in the Tunbridge Wells area Bottled water stations were set up at Tunbridge Wells Sports Centre, in St John's Road, Tunbridge Wells, and at Sovereign Way East Car Park, in Tonbridge. Customers in Tunbridge Wells are being affected by a problem at Pembury Water Treatment Works Tunbridge Wells MP Mike Martin said he was also without water and had spoken to the chief executive of SEW. "A new set of chemicals have been procured and the team have been working through the night to clean out Pembury Treatment Works." Meanwhile, Teresa Barrett, who runs the Black Horse in Camden Road, said the pub had been without running water since midnight. If I could, I would be opening." Losing a day of trading would be "extremely damaging", the landlady said, adding: "I can't afford to be closed, I can't lose a day's trading in the current climate. "Things are hard enough for hospitality right now, businesses in this sector would have prepared for table bookings today and lost an extreme amount of money, [and] staff will still need to be paid." Peter Vincent, who lives in Grove Hill, said he noticed that the "cistern wasn't refilling properly" on Sunday morning. "For us to be slow like that, it's going to be pretty hard for some people somewhere in the town when they all start drawing their water off." Follow BBC Kent on Facebook, on X, and on Instagram.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/luigi-mangione-back-court-monday-pre-trial-hearing-evidence-ceo-shooting-case/18230182/
Article: Luigi Mangione back in court on Monday for pre-trial hearing on evidence in case Luigi Mangione will be back in court on Monday for pivotal hearings about evidence that can be used in his case. Last week, attorneys for Mangione asked a judge to limit how some of the evidence is discussed when the parties convene for a pre-trial hearing, to prevent the hearing from turning "into a public mini trial" that could prejudice the accused killer. Mangione, who has pleaded not guilty to murdering UnitedHealthcare chief executive Brian Thompson, wants to preclude the prosecution from using the contents of a red notebook police said they recovered from his backpack when he was arrested in Altoona, Pennsylvania. The defense also wants to preclude Mangione's statements to police, arguing in a court filing that "law enforcement has methodically and purposefully trampled his constitutional rights by interrogating him without Miranda warnings in violation of the Fifth Amendment and illegally searching his property without a warrant in violation of the Fourth Amendment." In a letter Tuesday, Mangione's attorneys asked the judge to prevent prosecutors from introducing the contents of the notebook into evidence at the hearing, arguing "doing so would make their contents public and would irreparably prejudice Mr. Mangione at his multiple upcoming trials." The defense also sought to keep witnesses from characterizing the writings as a "manifesto." Many of Mangione's writings are already public and police and prosecutors have pointed to them as they work to establish motive.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cgkeme0641no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Such is Ruben Amorim's faith in the 26-year-old he was talking up Mount's qualities earlier this year even though the England international had been ruled out until April with a muscle issue. He is intense and he can score goals, so is one more player to be near the box." The remark showed incredible foresight as Mount sealed United's first victory at Palace since 2020 by drilling home what seemed to be a pre-planned free-kick move with skipper Bruno Fernandes from 20 yards. Sometimes he struggled a bit for goals and assists and also with injuries, but when he gets his fitness, he is important." Prior to this season, injuries have prevented Mount from building the momentum that persuaded United to pay Chelsea £55m for him in June 2023.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/zootopia-2-fuels-top-5-thanksgiving-box-office-haul.html
Article: "'Zootopia 2' and 'Wicked: For Good' delivered a phenomenal one-two punch for the Thanksgiving holiday — hitting the sweet spot for family audiences and sending our global box office soaring well past expectations," Rich Gelfond, CEO of IMAX, said in a statement Sunday. "A staggering global result for 'Zootopia 2' as the Disney brand coupled with a PG-rated family film extravaganza and a beloved original installment powered the film to over a half a billion dollars worldwide," said Paul Dergarabedian, head of marketplace trends at Comscore, told CNBC. "This film truly cracked the code on what family audiences around the world [are] looking for when venturing out to cinemas." Additionally, the animated sequel posted the second-highest Thanksgiving day and Thanksgiving opening for both the five-day and three-day periods. Universal's "Wicked: For Good" added an estimated $93 million to the domestic box office during the five-day Thanksgiving period, smaller than the $118 million "Wicked" picked up during the same period in 2024. Still, box office experts expected "Wicked: For Good" and "Zootopia 2" to continue to snap up ticket sales in the weeks before Christmas and ahead of the release of Disney's "Avatar: Fire and Ash." "This holiday weekend now sets the stage for a solid final home stretch of the box office year and with a great assortment of films on the way, including notable blockbusters and awards contenders ...

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/30/isak-scores-first-goal-as-liverpool-defeat-west-ham-in-premier-league?traffic_source=rss
Article: Liverpool’s record signing Alexander Isak scored his first English Premier League goal for the Reds as the under-pressure football champions snapped a woeful run of form with a much-needed 2-0 win at West Ham United on Sunday. Liverpool had endured their worst spell in over 70 years, losing nine of their previous 12 games, and manager Arne Slot took drastic measures, leaving Mohamed Salah out of his starting lineup for the first time in the Premier League. Liverpool’s cause was helped by Lucas Paqueta, who was bizarrely booked twice for dissent within 60 seconds with less than 10 minutes to play, before Gakpo added a second goal in the 92nd minute to seal the three points. Liverpool’s victory, only their second in eight league games, moved them up to eighth place with 21 points from 13 matches, while West Ham are 17th with 11 points, level with 18th-placed Leeds United. Liverpool’s losing run ended by Isak West Ham – whose players and fans paid tribute to former captain, coach and manager Billy Bonds, who died aged 79 on Sunday – came into the match after back-to-back home victories and had seemingly turned the corner. Advertisement But Liverpool ultimately had too much quality and, crucially for Slot, managed to keep their fifth clean sheet of the season after shipping 10 goals in their last three games.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/pope-calls-on-lebanese-leaders-to-be-true-peacemakers-as-he-seeks-to-bring-message-of-hope
Article: BEIRUT (AP) — Pope Leo XIV challenged Lebanon’s political leaders on Sunday to be true peacemakers and put their differences aside, as he sought to give Lebanon’s long-suffering people a message of hope and bolster a crucial Christian community in the Middle East. He came to encourage the Lebanese people to persevere at a precarious moment for the small Mediterranean country as it faces economic uncertainty, deep political divisions and fears of a new war with Israel. READ MORE: Pope Leo’s visit rekindles hope in war-battered Lebanon Leo is fulfilling a promise of his predecessor, Pope Francis, who had wanted to visit Lebanon for years but was unable to because of its many crises and as his health worsened. Lebanon’s political system, based on sectarian power-sharing, has been prone to deadlock with lengthy power vacuums and regular stalemates over controversial issues, including the investigation into the deadly 2020 Beirut port explosion. Most recently, the country has been deeply split over calls for Hezbollah, a Lebanese militant group and political party, to disarm after fighting a war with Israel last year that left the country deeply damaged. “You have suffered greatly from the consequences of an economy that kills, from global instability that has devastating repercussions also in the Levant, and from the radicalization of identities and conflicts,” Leo said. “But you have always wanted, and known how, to start again.” He told Lebanese leaders to seek the truth and engage in a process of reconciliation with “those who have suffered wrongs and injustice” if they truly want to be considered peacemakers. A culture of reconciliation, he said, must come from the top with leaders willing to put their personal interests aside and “recognize the common good as superior to the particular.” The highlight of Leo’s Lebanese visit will come on Tuesday, his last day, when he spends time in silent prayer at the site of the Aug. Heavy security for pope’s arrival At the Beirut airport, where his plane landed with a Lebanese military jet escort, Leo was greeted first by President Joseph Aoun, then by Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri and Prime Minister Nawaf Salam. In Lebanon, Leo was seeking to encourage Lebanese who believe their leaders have failed them, and to call on Lebanese Christians to stay or, if they have already moved abroad, to come home. We will not leave, we will not despair, and we will not surrender.” Lebanon’s ongoing conflict with Israel Despite a U.S.-brokered ceasefire last year that nominally ended a two-month war between Israel and Hezbollah, Israel continues to launch near-daily airstrikes that it says aim to stop the militant group from rebuilding. WATCH: Deadly Israeli strikes continue in Lebanon nearly a year since ceasefire began The pope “is coming to bless us and for the sake of peace,” said Farah Saadeh, a Beirut resident walking on the city’s seaside promenade. “We hope nothing is going to happen after his departure.” Before Leo’s arrival, Hezbollah urged the pope to express his “rejection to injustice and aggression” that the country is being subjected to, referring to the Israeli strikes. However, the Christian party with the largest parliamentary bloc, the Lebanese Forces, is an opponent of Hezbollah and has criticized the group for pulling the country into a war with Israel. “We are in need of someone like the pope to come and give us hope as Christians” at a time of “fear of an unknown future,” said 24-year-old Dima Awwad, one of the delegation members. “We wish that the pope would come to visit Syria as he visited Lebanon, to reassure the people and to feel that we are present as eastern Christians and that we need to be in this place.” Associated Press writers Kareem Chehayeb, Bassem Mroue and Ali Sharafeddine in Beirut contributed to this report.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c62dzdy9ez8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Mohamed Salah has history at the London Stadium - and this may have been a day when Liverpool started to write a new chapter in theirs by moving towards the next generation without him following a 2-0 win at West Ham. Head coach Arne Slot dropped the 33-year-old to the bench for a Premier League game for the first time since April 2024 - also at West Ham - with that decision taken by the Dutchman's predecessor Jurgen Klopp. First when he was involved in a touchline spat with Klopp as West Ham scored when he waited to come on as substitute in a 2-2 draw, and then when the notoriously reticent forward strode past reporters afterwards and announced: "If I speak there will be fire." Here, Slot's selection carried a wider significance, not in drawing Salah's magnificent Anfield career to a close, but in indicating how the manager's £450m summer evolution may eventually take shape without the great Egyptian. This is the easy part - the difficult one is how to replace such a world-class talent, who is third in the club's all-time scoring list behind Ian Rush and Roger Hunt. The first sighting of a re-shaped Liverpool delivered the result he and his team so desperately needed, a victory after a run of nine defeats in their last 12 games, and six of seven in the league. And, to add to Slot's delight, it came after Alexander Isak scored his first Premier League goal since his British record £125m move from Newcastle United, and with £116m Florian Wirtz pulling many of the strings that led to a vital victory.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/whooping-cough-cases-remain-elevated-as-vaccination-rates-drop
Article: And one of the challenges with little babies is that instead of having coughing spells, they often will just stop breathing, which is a reason that those kids will often come into the hospital or even need ICU care with a breathing tube to help them breathe. Lorne Walker: We think that in babies, it's a combination of their immature immune system as well as the immature sort of breathing responses that they have to infections like this. Ali Rogin: There are these three tragic deaths so far that we know of in Kentucky, which are the first deaths that state has seen from this disease since 2018. And it's not just Oregon where we're seeing a lot of cases, but also in states like Texas and Washington, we've been seeing unusually high numbers of whooping cough cases. Ali Rogin: When we talk about children who aren't getting this vaccine, is it possible to figure out how many haven't completed this five-dose course of this particular vaccine and how many are because they're not getting it at all because of something like vaccine hesitancy? Ali Rogin: And as families travel for the holidays and they might be worried about encountering a disease like this, especially if they have a young child, what should families be mindful of? Lorne Walker: A lot of the things that we all got used to and learned during the COVID pandemic, like washing our hands, covering our coughs, or maybe staying a little bit further away if you're having symptoms of a respiratory infection, all help prevent spread of all infections.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/millions-of-full-time-workers-are-struggling-to-afford-a-place-to-live-heres-why
Article: John Yang: The skyrocketing cost of living has left millions of people working at full time jobs or a number of part time jobs still unable to afford a place to live. You know, I do argue in my book that it's in cities across America today, in one city after another, a low wage job really is homelessness waiting to happen. Brian Goldstone: I think it's really easy for terms like the housing crisis or the homelessness crisis to become kind of abstract and to lose touch with just the acute human toll of this growing catastrophe in America. What I found in my reporting, in the course of kind of immersing myself in the day to day lives of five families here in Atlanta, where I live, over a period of nearly six years, it's not just the housing system which, you know, prioritizes profits above all else.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/us-ukraine-negotiators-meet-as-trump-pushes-to-bring-war-to-an-end?traffic_source=rss
Article: American and Ukrainian officials are engaged in talks aimed at creating “reliable security guarantees” for Ukraine as part of a US-backed peace plan ahead of a critical visit to Moscow by United States special envoy Steve Witkoff. At the meeting in Florida on Sunday, a Ukrainian delegation led by Rustem Umerov, head of Ukraine’s National Security and Defence Council, sat down with Witkoff and US Secretary of State Marco Rubio, who said the talks are aimed at “creating a pathway” for a sovereign Ukraine. The talks come a week after Rubio and Ukrainian negotiators met in Geneva, Switzerland to revise US President Donald Trump’s peace plan, which initially was criticised as a Russian wish list. Putin said the US draft – which has not yet been published – could serve as a “basis for future agreements”, adding his talks with Witkoff should focus on the Russia-controlled Donbas and Crimea regions. Advertisement Talks between US and Ukrainian officials got off to a “good start” and are taking place in a “warm atmosphere conducive to potential progressive outcome”, said Ukraine’s first deputy Foreign Minister Sergiy Kyslytsya on X. ‘Important days’ The negotiations come at a sensitive moment for Ukraine as it continues to push back against Russian forces that invaded in 2022, with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy reeling from a corruption scandal that led to the resignation of his chief of staff, Andriy Yermak, this week. It was Yermak who sat down with Rubio in Geneva last week to make amendments to Trump’s original 28-point plan, which initially envisioned Ukraine ceding the entire eastern region of the Donbas to Russia, limiting the size of its military, and giving up on joining NATO. On Sunday, the Ukrainian president said he spoke with NATO chief Mark Rutte and noted, “These are important days and much can change.” I spoke with Mark Rutte @SecGenNATO, and we will continue our conversation in the coming days. We are coordinating closely, and in our efforts – and in the efforts of all our partners – it is our joint measures and shared positions… — Volodymyr Zelenskyy / Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) November 30, 2025 On Monday, French President Emmanuel Macron hosts Zelenskyy for talks in Paris, the French presidency announced.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/netanyahu-requests-pardon-from-israeli-president-during-his-ongoing-corruption-trial
Article: TEL AVIV (AP) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday asked the country’s president to grant him a pardon from corruption charges, seeking to end a long-running trial that has bitterly divided the nation. The president’s office called it an “extraordinary request,” carrying with it “significant implications.” Netanyahu is the only sitting prime minister in Israeli history to stand trial, after being charged with fraud, breach of trust and accepting bribes in three separate cases accusing him of exchanging favors with wealthy political supporters. Earlier this month, Trump also sent a letter to President Isaac Herzog calling the corruption case “political, unjustified prosecution.” Herzog is a former political rival of Netanyahu, but the men have a good working relationship. They’ll be sent to the Justice Ministry for opinions and will then be transferred to the legal adviser at the president’s office, which will formulate additional opinions for the president. “A pardon before conviction, while legal proceedings are ongoing, threatens the rule of law and seriously undermines the principle of equality before the law.” Netanyahu portrays himself as victim In 2008, as opposition leader, Netanyahu called on then Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to step down as he faced a growing corruption scandal. At the time, Netanyahu said that a prime minister “up to his neck” in scandal did not have a mandate to lead the country, and there was a risk that Olmert would make decisions that served his personal interests and not those of the nation. The plan triggered large street protests against the government, and critics have said the deep divisions sent a message of weakness to Israel’s enemies that encouraged Hamas to launch its 2023 attacks. The Movement for Quality Government in Israel said that granting a pardon to a prime minister accused of serious offenses of fraud and breach of trust would send a clear message that there are citizens who are above the law.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/unitedhealth-to-sell-south-american-business-for-1-billion-sources-say.html
Article: UnitedHealth Group has agreed to sell its last South American business Banmedica to Brazilian private equity group Patria Investments for $1 billion, two sources with knowledge of the matter said on Sunday. UnitedHealth, a member of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, raised its annual profit forecast in October and said it aims for a return to growth in 2026 that should accelerate in 2027. Hemsley returned as CEO in May after leading the company from 2006 to 2017 and has been working to regain investor and consumer trust after a difficult period for UnitedHealth that included the murder of a top executive, an unexpected surge in medical costs and a federal probe.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/30/verstappen-wins-qatar-gp-to-keep-f1-world-championship-alive-with-norris?traffic_source=rss
Article: Four-time Formula One (F1) world champion Max Verstappen of Red Bull Racing kept the three-way 2025 drivers’ championship battle alive with Lando Norris and Oscar Piastri after securing victory in the penultimate race of the season at the Qatar Grand Prix on Sunday. McLaren get it wrong on early safety car call Piastri won the holeshot to the first corner with Norris alongside him on the front row, only to be overtaken by Verstappen, who began the race from third spot on the grid. During lap seven, Red Bull pitted Verstappen under a safety car, resulting in a free pit stop, unlike McLaren, which kept its two drivers out on the track, resulting in Norris and Piastri losing valuable time later when they made their final pit stop. This played into Verstappen’s hands, with the Dutchman able to control the race for the remainder of the 57-lap contest, crossing the finish line ahead of Piastri by just under eight seconds. A strong race for us on a weekend that was tough.” The McLarens now head to Abu Dhabi with a hard-charging Verstappen looking to repeat history by clinching a championship in the last race at Yas Marina, having done so when he overtook Lewis Hamilton on the final lap after a controversial finish in 2021.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cx2d0yeqqpwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Piastri came in on lap 42, with 15 laps to the end, and fitted hard tyres, but although he was able to reduce Verstappen's lead to eight seconds by the end, the four-time champion was under no pressure. "It was a little bit offset because of it all but for us it was a very strong race on a weekend when it was a little bit tough but we still got it done." He described McLaren's strategy as "an interesting move", adding: "But still you have to keep the tyres alive." Norris, who would have won the title had he won the race, said: "I had no expectations going into the weekend. It was more of a gamble doing what we did than what they did." Piastri should have taken a comfortable victory, but Norris struggled more, even though second was on offer had McLaren made the right strategy call. He had a massive moment at the high speed Turn 14 on lap 35, just rescuing a crash, at a time when the McLaren drivers were trying to build as big a gap as possible before their final stop.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/lawmakers-voice-support-congressional-reviews-trumps-military-strikes-127984136
Article: military strikes against vessels suspected of smuggling drugs in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean, citing a published report that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth issued a verbal order for all crew members to be killed as part of a Sept. The lawmakers said they did not know whether last week's Washington Post report was true, and some Republicans were skeptical, but they said attacking survivors of an initial missile strike poses serious legal concerns. 2 attack “is completely outside anything that has been discussed with Congress and there is an ongoing investigation.” The comments from lawmakers during news show appearance come as the administration escalates a campaign to combat drug trafficking into the U.S. On Saturday, Republican President Donald Trump said the airspace “above and surrounding” Venezuela should be considered as “closed in its entirety,” an assertion that raised more questions about the U.S. After the Post's report, Hegseth said Friday on X that “fake news is delivering more fabricated, inflammatory, and derogatory reporting to discredit our incredible warriors fighting to protect the homeland.” "Our current operations in the Caribbean are lawful under both U.S. and international law, with all actions in compliance with the law of armed conflict—and approved by the best military and civilian lawyers, up and down the chain of command," Hegseth wrote. Jack Reed, said in a joint statement late Friday that the committee “will be conducting vigorous oversight to determine the facts related to these circumstances.” That was followed Saturday with the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Republican Rep. Adam Smith, issuing a joint statement saying the panel was committed to “providing rigorous oversight of the Department of Defense’s military operations in the Caribbean.” “We take seriously the reports of follow-on strikes on boats alleged to be ferrying narcotics in the SOUTHCOM region and are taking bipartisan action to gather a full accounting of the operation in question,” Rogers and Smith said, referring to U.S. I don’t think he would be foolish enough to make this decision to say, kill everybody, kill the survivors because that’s a clear violation of the law of war,” Bacon said. “So, I’m very suspicious that he would’ve done something like that because it would go against common sense.” Kaine and Turner appeared on CBS' “Face the Nation," and Bacon was on ABC's “This Week."

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/zootopia-2-roars-record-setting-global-box-office-127984338
Article: This image released by Disney shows Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, left, and Judy Hopps, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, in a scene from "Zootopia 2." (Disney via AP) This image released by Disney shows Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, left, and Judy Hopps, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, in a scene from "Zootopia 2." (Disney via AP) This image released by Disney shows Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, left, and Judy Hopps, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, in a scene from "Zootopia 2." (Disney via AP) This image released by Disney shows Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, left, and Judy Hopps, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, in a scene from "Zootopia 2." (Disney via AP) “Zootopia 2” had a roaring, record-setting opening at the box office. The animal city sequel from the Walt Disney Company brought in $96 million in North America over the weekend, earned $156 million over the five-day Thanksgiving frame, and scored a staggering $556 million globally since its Wednesday opening, according to studio estimates Sunday.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/11/30/merino-strikes-to-earn-arsenal-bruising-1-1-draw-at-10-man-chelsea?traffic_source=rss
Article: When the dust had settled on a contest of relentless intensity, Arsenal were left to rue a missed opportunity to extend their lead over Chelsea in the title race, while the Blues were relieved to avoid a damaging defeat. Arsenal remain the favourites to win their first Premier League crown since 2004, but Chelsea’s combative display suggested they could emerge as the biggest threat to the Gunners’ title aspirations. The war of attrition turned ugly in the 38th minute when Caicedo caught Merino on the ankle with a nasty foul that was upgraded from a booking to a dismissal after a VAR review. It was a goal straight from the Arsenal playbook as James curled a corner to the near post and Chalobah rose highest inside the six-yard box to glance his header into the far corner. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta responded by sending on Martin Odegaard and Noni Madueke, who was jeered and barraged with chants of “Chelsea reject” on his return to his former club. We could have done things better, but the team showed good mentality.” Elsewhere on Sunday, Liverpool’s record signing Alexander Isak scored his first Premier League goal for the Reds as the under-pressure football champions earned a much-needed 2-0 win at West Ham United. Manchester United ended Crystal Palace’s nine-month unbeaten home run with a 2-1 comeback victory, Aston Villa climbed into the top four with a 1-0 victory over lowly Wolverhampton Wanderers, and Brighton won 2-0 at Nottingham Forest to go fifth.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c79x8x82gy4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: And the last human right is the right to make a decision on one's own end, and the possibility to have this end without risk and without pain." Minelli began his career as a journalist, working as a correspondent for the German news magazine Der Spiegel, before studying law and taking an interest in human rights. In a statement, Dignitas said his work had had a lasting influence, pointing to a 2011 ruling by the European Court of Human Rights, in which it confirmed the right of a person capable of judgement to decide on the manner and the time of their own end of life.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5626164/venezuela-calls-trumps-call-close-airspace-colonialist-threat
Article: Venezuela calls Trump's call to close airspace a 'colonialist threat' toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP The Venezuelan government has condemned President Trump's statement on Saturday calling for the airspace above Venezuela to be closed. In a Truth Social post , Trump said "To all Airlines, Pilots, Drug Dealers, and Human Traffickers, please consider THE AIRSPACE ABOVE AND SURROUNDING VENEZUELA TO BE CLOSED IN ITS ENTIRETY." The Venezuelan government responded with a statement saying Trump's comments violate international law and are a "colonialist threat" to the country's sovereignty. This comes a day after the Senate and House Armed Services committees said they would investigate the Pentagon after The Washington Post reported that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth gave an order to kill all crew members aboard a boat suspected of smuggling drugs in the Caribbean in September. The military has carried out at least 21 strikes and killed at least 82 people on alleged drug boats as part of "Operation Southern Spear," a campaign that the Trump administration says is aimed at tackling drug-trafficking. Charter of the United Nations." Democrats have also strongly criticized the administration's strategy, saying the military didn't have enough evidence that the boats were carrying drugs before conducting the strikes. Senator Chris Van Hollen, a Democrat from Maryland, told ABC'S This Week on Sunday it's possible the military's actions could be considered a "war crime," and that Hegseth should be held accountable. If that theory is wrong, then it's plain murder." Sponsor Message However, Republican Senator Eric Schmitt, a member of the Armed Services Committee, said on Sunday Morning Futures on Fox News that Trump is acting "well within his Article 2 powers" when it comes to curbing drug smuggling by striking the boats. "One is to get rid of the precursors that are coming from China, and then take out the cartels that are distributing this and bringing it to the United States of America." Both Democrats and Republicans in Congress have expressed frustration at Trump's stance on Venezuela, and that the Trump administration conducted the strikes without legislative approval. "Trump's reckless actions towards Venezuela are pushing America closer and closer to another costly foreign war," Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer posted on X on Saturday, hours after Trump's post about Venezuelan airspace.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/here-are-the-4-big-things-were-watching-in-the-stock-market-this-week.html
Article: We discussed how to approach such a tough tape in a Friday commentary as the S & P 500 eked out a November advance for a seventh straight month of gains, while the Nasdaq lost 1.5% in November and broke a seven-month winning streak. On the call, we'd like to learn more about how the age of agentic AI is driving demand for cybersecurity, as companies look to both secure their own workloads and defend against increasingly complex, automated attacks. At Salesforce, we want to learn more about the adoption of its AI product, Agentforce, which is key to reversing the bearish view of software-as-a-service (SaaS) companies stemming from the advancement of generative and agentic AI offerings. According to a recent CNBC survey, 82% of Americans say they still plan to shop this holiday season, but much of the spending will take place outside the big deal days. However, the November ADP employment survey comes out on Wednesday, which should carry a bit more weight than usual given the lack of data over the past couple of months. Inflation reading: The September consumer spending and income report is out Friday, and although it's a month late and reporting on a period two months ago, it is still important as it will provide insight into the trend of inflation, via the core PCE price index — the Fed's preferred measure of inflation — found within the report. Other notable releases include the November ISM manufacturing report on Monday, the September industrial production and capacity utilization report on Wednesday, and the October factory orders report on Friday — all of which will provide insight into manufacturing trends. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5626165/michael-jordan-nascar-court
Article: The antitrust allegations leveled by Jordan-owned 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports has exposed salacious personal communications, NASCAR's finances and a deep contempt between some of the top executives in the sport and its participants. Three-time Daytona 500 winner Denny Hamlin, who owns 23XI alongside Jordan and less than a month ago had the Cup Series championship slip through his fingers, warned this weekend that the gloves will be off during the two-week trial in the Western District of North Carolina. All 15 teams had been fighting for more favorable terms in the charter agreements over more than two years of negotiations, and the final terms fell short of what the teams had been seeking. The two organizations argue NASCAR holds too strong of a hold on all aspects of the racing series and allege a monopoly based on exclusivity clauses, ownership of most of the race tracks on the Cup schedule, and its control of the rules and regulations. Sponsor Message 23XI and Front Row are now also pursuing a large monetary sum from NASCAR to cover their legal fees and financial losses suffered this year from not being chartered plus the lawsuit. NASCAR's defense NASCAR was founded 76 years ago by the Florida-based France family and says it has not violated antitrust law because it has done nothing to restrain trade beyond normal business practices. Behind-the-scenes drama toggle caption Mike McCarn/AP The discovery phase has been brutal for both sides with the exposure of unseemly personal communications from top NASCAR executives as well as the two teams. Phelps was among leadership who in a discussion with other NASCAR executives called Hall of Fame team owner Richard Childress a "dinosaur," an "idiot" and a "stupid redneck." The discussion also included a reference that Childress "owes his entire fortune to NASCAR" and needed "to be taken out back and flogged." Another NASCAR executive alleged that fans of the sport can't read, and multiple series leaders admonished Hall of Fame driver Tony Stewart's summer short-track series, SRX, and threatened to have it the killed because NASCAR drivers were participating. On the other side, the president of 23XI was found to have said NASCAR chairman Jim France had to die in order to receive favorable charter terms, Hamlin admitted his dislike for the France family, one of Jordan's advisers said Hamlin wasn't a good businessman and Jordan joked that he loses more money in a casino than he pays one of his drivers. It is presumed the ask is so that Jordan, a North Carolina native who led the University of North Carolina to a national championship and once owned the NBA's Charlotte Hornets, as well as Hamlin, not be given the opportunity to distract a jury. Among the threats to NASCAR are orders that the France family sell the sport, sell the tracks it owns, dismantle the charter system, order permanent charters — anything is possible. If NASCAR wins, it is unlikely that 23XI and Front Row stay in business beyond 2026 and the six charters being held aside likely will be sold to other interested parties.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/hondurans-vote-in-close-presidential-race-overshadowed-by-surprise-trump-intervention
Article: READ MORE: Trump says he plans to pardon former Honduran president serving drug trafficking sentence At a voting site in the capital, the country’s major parties were present outside with tables, banners, flags and music. They are: Rixi Moncada who served as finance and later as defense secretary in the current administration of President Xiomara Castro and is running for the social democrat LIBRE or Liberty and Re-foundation party. The presidential contest had mostly focused on candidates trading accusations of plans to manipulate the vote until this past week when Trump endorsed Asfura while attacking his opponents, the latest signal of the United States’ renewed interest in Latin America. They use you like a ladder (to move up).” Divergent views Cristian Zelaya, a 42-year-old systems engineer, said that his priority in the voting booth was “to try to rescue the country from a future like Venezuela.” He said that he wanted to get the “Communists” out, in reference to the governing social democrat LIBRE party, which he said made big promises, but didn’t deliver. In another part of the capital, Carlos Alberto Figueroa, a 71-year-old retiree, said that he wanted Moncada to continue President Castro’s work, which he said had already resulted in “development, a better economy and security.” But he too discounted Trump’s impact, saying the Honduran people would decide. Nancy Serrano, 20, was voting for the first time and top of mind for her was “enough with corruption.” Serrano is studying to be a teacher and she worries that the high prevalence of corruption limits opportunities for the youth and eats away at the economy. Election details In announcing the start of voting Sunday, National Electoral Council President Ana Paola Hall called on the candidates to respect the rules to not declare victory before the council confirms a winner.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-11-30/hundreds-flights-canceled-delayed-nationwide-on-busy-travel-day-of-year
Article: As travelers prepare to fly home on what is anticipated to be one of the busiest travel days in 15 years, a powerful winter storm in the Midwest and Great Lakes region has prompted the cancellation of hundreds of flights nationwide. As of noon Sunday, 6,211 flights have been delayed into and out of the United States, and 1,006 flights have been canceled, according to flight tracker FlightAware, which provides live flight delay and cancellation updates. “We are projecting that the Sunday after Thanksgiving will be one of the busiest travel days in TSA history,” said Adam Stahl, senior official performing the duties of deputy TSA administrator. While weather is the leading cause of delays, some short-term disruptions were expected after the Federal Aviation Administration and the European Union Aviation Safety Agency issued an Emergency Airworthiness Directive to address a software problem in Airbus A320 aircraft.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/hong-kong-apartment-fire-death-toll-rises-to-146-as-city-mourns-victims
Article: The Hong Kong police Disaster Victim Identification Unit has been going through the buildings of the Wang Fuk Court complex meticulously and has found bodies both in apartment units and on the roofs, said the officer in charge, Cheng Ka-chun. READ MORE: Authorities probe corruption and negligence in deadly Hong Kong apartment fire The buildings remain structurally sound, but the search has been slow, he told reporters, still wearing his white coveralls with his hard hat and respiratory mask at his side. “It is so dark inside, and because of the low light, it is very difficult to do the work, especially in places away from the windows.” So far the team has examined four of the seven blocks, Cheng said. The latest searches turned up another 30 bodies, including 12 that had already been discovered by firefighters but hadn’t been recovered, said Tsang Shuk-yin, the head of the Hong Kong police casualty unit. “This really serves as a wake-up call for everyone, especially with these super high-rise buildings,” said Lian Shuzheng, who waited in a line of hundreds of people to add her flowers to the growing cluster. The eight buildings of the Wang Fuk Court complex in the suburb of Tai Po had all been clad in bamboo scaffolding draped with nylon netting for renovations, with windows covered by polystyrene panels. Other constructions by the same builder are halted Hong Kong officials announced late Saturday they had ordered the immediate suspension of work on 28 building projects undertaken by the same contractor, the Prestige Construction & Engineering Company, for safety audits. “The five alarm fire at Wang Fuk Court, Tai Po, exposed serious deficiencies of PC&E in site safety management, including the extensive use of foam boards to block up windows during building repairs,” the government said in a statement. Those three were released on bail but then rearrested by Hong Kong’s anti-corruption authorities, who have also arrested a further eight suspects including scaffolding subcontractors, directors of an engineering consulting company and the renovation project managers. “We warn those anti-China elements … no matter what methods they use, they’ll be held accountable by the Hong Kong National Security Law and National Security Ordinance.” Faulty fire alarms and foam panels under investigation The apartment complex of eight, 31-story buildings in Tai Po, a suburb near Hong Kong’s border with mainland China, was built in the 1980s. “As a Hong Konger, seeing people in the place where we live lose their families, lose everything in just one night — if you put yourself in their shoes, it is unbearable. Preliminary investigations showed the fire started Wednesday afternoon on a lower-level scaffolding net of one of the buildings, and then spread rapidly inside as the foam panels caught fire and blew out windows, according to Chris Tang, Hong Kong’s secretary for security. First responders found that some fire alarms in the complex, which housed many older people, did not sound when tested, according to Andy Yeung, the director of Hong Kong Fire Services. The deadliest fire in Hong Kong’s recorded history was the 1918 Race Course Fire, in which more than 600 people were killed, according to the city’s Antiquities and Monuments Office.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/west-virginia-high-school-remembers-slain-national-guard-127985149
Article: Mourners gathered at a small West Virginia high school have remembered a National Guard member fatally shot last week as a caring and positive person who wanted to help others West Virginia high school remembers slain National Guard member as caring and willing to help A photo is displayed of National Guard member Specialist Sarah Beckstrom, one of two National Guard members who were shot in Washington on Wednesday, in Webster Springs, W.Va., Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Kathleen Batten) A photo is displayed of National Guard member Specialist Sarah Beckstrom, one of two National Guard members who were shot in Washington on Wednesday, in Webster Springs, W.Va., Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Kathleen Batten) Mourners gathered at a West Virginia high school this weekend remembered a National Guard member fatally shot last week as a caring and positive person who wanted to help others. “Sarah was the kind of student that teachers hoped for, she carried herself with quiet strength, a contagious smile and a positive energy that lifted people around her,” said Jarrod Hankins, the school's principal. “She was sweet, caring and always willing to help others." Beckstrom, 20, and Wolfe, 24 were deployed with the West Virginia National Guard as part of President Donald Trump’s aggressive crime-fighting plan that federalized the D.C. A 29-year-old Afghan national faces one count of first-degree murder and two counts of assault with intent to kill while armed in the shooting, which prompted the Trump administration to halt all asylum decisions and pause issuing visas for people traveling on Afghan passports.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/sports/college-football/lane-kiffin-ole-miss-lsu-coaching-college-football-rcna246600
Article: Ole Miss Rebels head coach Lane Kiffin will take the same job with the LSU Tigers, he announced Sunday, leaving the seventh-ranked team in the nation for its conference rival. “After a lot of prayer and time spent with family, I made the difficult decision to accept the head coaching position at LSU,” Kiffin wrote in a social media post. “I was hoping to complete a historic six-season run with this year’s team by leading Ole Miss through the playoffs, capitalizing on the team’s incredible success and their commitment to finish strong, and investing everything into a playoff run with guardrails in place to protect the program in any areas of concern,” Kiffin said in his statement. “My request to do so was denied by Keith Carter despite the team also asking him to allow me to keep coaching them so they could better maintain their high level of performance.” Kiffin, 50, has been no stranger to controversy during his coaching career. In 2008, he was fired after a little over one season with the NFL’s then-Oakland Raiders, with then-team owner Al Davis calling Kiffin a “flat-out liar.” In 2010, after only one season as the head coach of the Tennessee Volunteers, Kiffin left the program to take the head job with the USC Trojans. In 2013, less than four seasons into his tenure with the Trojans, Kiffin was fired on the tarmac of Los Angeles International Airport after posting a 28-15 record in 43 games.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cjrjyzrqdxyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ousted president-elect 'threatened' over Kirk posts 37 minutes ago Share Save Emily Ford South Share Save Oxford Union/YouTube Charlie Kirk and George Abaraonye took part in a debate at the Oxford Union in May The former president-elect of the Oxford Union has said he "received threats of violence" after making comments appearing to celebrate Charlie Kirk's death. Later, speaking to LBC, Mr Abaraonye said: "We can also be fair in calling out what has also been a lot of just racist and classist vitriol based on the fact that I am a black person, the fact that I'm a student at Oxford - we can be deliberate in splitting apart the two things. My family did, my friends did and it was a very difficult time, not just for me, but also realising that my mistake has not only impacted my life but could impact other people's lives and impact even just broader communities around me." After losing the no-confidence vote at Oxford Union in October, Mr Abaraonye said the poll was "compromised" by "untested" regulations.

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/w3ct8bys?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Available for over a year In this episode, Sarah and Anthony unpack one of the most surprising political moments of the year - when New York’s incoming mayor Zohran Mamdani met Donald Trump in the Oval Office. HOSTS: - Sarah Smith, North America Editor - Anthony Zurcher, North America Correspondent GUEST: - Nick Reisman, Albany Bureau Chief for Politico GET IN TOUCH: - Join our online community: https://discord.gg/qSrxqNcmRB - Send us a message or voice note via WhatsApp to +44 330 123 9480 - Email Americast@bbc.co.uk - Or use #Americast This episode was made by George Dabby with Adriana Urbano.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/clyd326v5dgo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Facing Tottenham, Bayern Munich and Chelsea inside a week - a run any side would find an extreme test - and earning two wins and a battling draw cannot be considered anything other than a positive return but Arsenal may be left feeling they could have done even better. Given that context, a 1-1 draw secured through Mikel Merino's header to leave the Gunners five points clear at the top of the table is far from a poor result. But having seen his side play against 10 men for the majority of the match following Moises Caicedo's red card, manager Mikel Arteta also admitted an opportunity to extend the lead further had been missed. "The captain is still not here (Martin Odegaard), the nine is still not here (Viktor Gyokeres), Kai (Havertz) is still not here, We lost Leo (Trossard) in midweek as well, But the team had to react to that." Odegaard and Gyokeres did come off the bench for the Gunners in the second half at Chelsea.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-commutes-prison-sentence-former-private-equity-executive-127985735
Article: -- President Donald Trump has commuted the prison sentence of former investment manager David Gentile, who was convicted of defrauding investors — the latest in a series of clemency actions Trump has taken in white-collar criminal cases. He had been sentenced to seven years in prison after an August 2024 conviction for his role in what the Justice Department at the time described as a scheme to defraud more than 10,000 investors by misrepresenting the performance of three private equity funds. But the White House official said GPB Capital had disclosed to investors in 2015 that their capital might go to pay dividends to other investors, which the White House said undercut claims that the company had engaged in a “Ponzi” scheme in which new investments are used to reimburse previous investors.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpvdn8pmmd1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'I saw them driving over injured people' - the terrifying escape from war in Sudan 6 minutes ago Share Save Barbara Plett Usher Africa correspondent, Al-Dabbah, Sudan Share Save Ed Habershon / BBC Abdulqadir Abdullah Ali says RSF fighters were shooting at the people fleeing el-Fasher with live ammunition Abdulqadir Abdullah Ali suffered serious nerve damage to his leg during the long siege of the Sudanese city of el-Fasher because he could not get medicine for his diabetes. The 62-year-old walks with a heavy limp, but he was so panicked when fighters from the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF) finally captured the city in the western Darfur region, he felt no pain as he ran. "People were out of control [with fear], they ran out of their houses, and everyone ran in different directions, the father, the son, the daughter - running." The fall of el-Fasher after an 18-month siege is a particularly brutal chapter in Sudan's civil war. Reuters The war in Sudan has displaced millions of people with some fleeing el-Fasher making it to al-Dabbah We found Mr Ali wandering around the camp, located in the desert about 770km (480 miles) north-east of el-Fasher, near the town of al-Dabbah. If they saw someone was still breathing, they drove over them." Mr Ali said he ran when he could, crawling along the ground or hiding when the threat got too close. "We don't know where they are." Some of those who did not take the long trek to al-Dabbah made it to a humanitarian hub in Tawila, some 70km from el-Fasher. "But you would hear her shout: 'Help me, help me.' And she would come and say, 'They raped me.'" There are mostly women in the camp, and many do not want to be identified to protect those left behind. He came and said, 'Your grandmother has given you her soul.' I was trying to keep myself together because of my sister and brother, but I didn't know how I would tell my mother." Ed Habershon / BBC Many have arrived at the camp empty handed - having to pay with what money they had to get through checkpoints. I lost hope and told them, 'Whatever you want to do to me, do it.'" In the end they let him go - after his 13-year-old sister told them her father was dead, and he was her only brother. I've lost so many people already - I was afraid I'd lose them too." Ed Habershon / BBC Abdullah Adam Mohamed is seen with his four-year-old daughter Sabaa Mr Mohamed escaped, but others did not. "At each stop they would make you call your relatives to transfer money to your mobile phone account before they let you move on to the next checkpoint." The RSF told the BBC it rejected accusations of systematic abuses against civilians. "The specific allegations raised - looting, killings, sexual violence, or mistreatment of civilians - do not reflect our directives," said Dr Ibrahim Mukhayer, an adviser to the leader of RSF, Gen Mohammed Hamdan Dagalo. "Any RSF member proven responsible for wrongdoing will be held fully accountable." He said the group believed the allegations of widespread atrocities were part of a politically motivated media campaign against them by what he called Islamist elements within Sudan's military-led administration. Anadolu via Getty Images The RSF, led by Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo, had been an ally of the army until the two fell out Mr Mohamed told the BBC that RSF foot soldiers were more brutal when their officers were not present, while Mr Adam dismissed what he described as attempts by the paramilitary group to improve its image. "Once the cameras are gone, they will start beating us, treating us very badly and take everything we have." Earlier this year the US determined that the RSF had committed genocide in Darfur. Mr Ali had not heard about Trump's sudden interest, he had been chasing officials to get permission to stay in the camp in a tent where, he says, "we can live and rest".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd9z2e3exk9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Ukraine talks 'productive' but more work needed, Rubio says 1 hour ago Share Save Patrick Jackson Share Save Reuters Marco Rubio (left) with Rustem Umerov in Florida US Secretary of State Marco Rubio says talks with Ukraine over a deal to end the Russia-Ukraine war were productive, but there's "more work to be done". It was sparked by the leaking of a 28-point US peace plan which shocked Ukraine and its European allies for appearing to favour Russia, which invaded Ukraine nearly four years ago. I think we built on that today, but there's more work to be done." He also told the Ukrainian delegation that the aim of peace talks with Russia is to leave Ukraine "sovereign, independent and prosperous".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cewjxqvqzgyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Rage bait' named Oxford word of the year 2025 8 minutes ago Share Save Noor Nanji Culture reporter Share Save Getty Images Do you find yourself getting increasingly irate while scrolling through your social media feed? According to Oxford University Press, which publishes the Oxford English Dictionary, it is defined as online content deliberately designed to elicit anger or outrage by being frustrating, provocative, or offensive. Aura farming : The cultivation of an impressive, attractive, or charismatic persona or public image by behaving or presenting oneself in a way intended subtly to convey an air of confidence, coolness, or mystique. : The cultivation of an impressive, attractive, or charismatic persona or public image by behaving or presenting oneself in a way intended subtly to convey an air of confidence, coolness, or mystique. Biohack: To attempt to improve or optimise one's physical or mental performance, health, longevity, or wellbeing by altering one's diet, exercise routine, or lifestyle, or by using other means such as drugs, supplements, or technological devices. "The fact that the word rage bait exists and has seen such a dramatic surge in usage means we're increasingly aware of the manipulation tactics we can be drawn into online," said Casper Grathwohl, president of Oxford Languages. "It feels like the natural progression in an ongoing conversation about what it means to be human in a tech-driven world - and the extremes of online culture." Getty Images Previous words of the year have included goblin mode, a slang term for lazy behaviour

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5626173/rubens-painting-sells-for-2-7-million-at-auction
Article: But after being discovered in a Paris townhouse, a painting from the 17th century Baroque master Peter Paul Rubens sold Sunday at the Osenat auction house in Versailles for 2.3 million euros ($2.7 million). Sponsor Message "It is a masterpiece," Osenat told the French wire agency AFP shortly after making the discovery, adding the artwork was in "very good condition." Still, Osenat had doubts that what he stumbled upon was so uniquely valuable. Sponsor Message Born in 1577, Rubens became known as the master of the Flemish Baroque tradition, a style made popular in the 16th and 17th centuries known for its use of dramatic lighting, lifelike realism and meticulous detail.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/cz6817wyvgzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: I just want to go to bed." Piastri was trying to keep in perspective his disappointment of losing a win after a strong weekend that came in the wake of a series of difficult races that had seen him lose what had at the end of August looked like being a championship-winning 34-point lead. In 2007, Stella was race engineer to Kimi Raikkonen at Ferrari when the Finn overhauled a massive points gap in the final two races to beat McLaren's Lewis Hamilton and Alonso. Stella also worked with Michael Schumacher, starting in 2000 when they won the first of five consecutive drivers' championships - but only after the German had lost three in painful fashion in the previous seasons. "And make sure that this phenomenal, beautiful opportunity that we have to compete for the drivers' championship and be the ones that actually stop Verstappen's dominance in this period of Formula 1, we want to face it as the best of ourselves."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/11/30/cramer-forget-ai-spending-the-biggest-risk-to-this-market-is-speculation.html
Article: They could be any number of things: Attenuated power supplies to meet the demand of data centers, including uranium The handful of quantum companies, all of which are thought to be able to disintermediate the need for massive regular compute, with all of its attenuated power needs, or those that can crack into bitcoin Crypto-related companies, like Coinbase, Bullish, Circle, and Robinhood (which has a huge crypto biz) Alternative auto parts I want to focus on these for a moment because there is so much written about the amount of capital expenditure we see from the so-called hyperscalers and how that could be the end of the Magnificent Seven — and not nearly enough about these alternatives, including the double and triple exchange-trade funds that use leverage and have very few winners, although the winners are well-fed. Before I go any deeper, let me just point out that one of the reasons why I wrote "How to Make Money in Any Market," was to point the way toward investing in equities rather than trading in these vehicles, all of which I find to be speculative and therefore very difficult to actually make a case for on a yearly or monthly or even a daily basis. I do not want to declare disappointment in the dialogue over the book, but I recognize it is too murky to have an actual conversation about the role of speculation in this market, a role that is as overwhelming as it was in 2000-2001. In the book, I wanted to straddle indices, growth investing, and speculation, dividing your portfolio into 50% index, 40% growth, and 10% wise speculation (meaning looking for stocks that could become the next Nvidia , not alternatives that trade hourly). Thank a combination of Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure), which prevents public companies from selectively disclosing material to certain individuals, and the proliferation of sites and news sources for regular investors. Those who still preach index-only are threatened even by an investor with an index allocation of 50% — that's how bought-and-paid-for they are by the asset gatherers, which shows you how pecuniarily dogmatic they really are. There's so much energy spent talking about the so-called ridiculousness of a semiconductor company being the largest company on earth, and much more, that it has become a toxic cancer on the AI industry, as if there were an industry without Nvidia. I have yet to hear anyone embrace Nvidia CFO Collette Kress's view that buyers of Nvidia chips are already making billions of dollars with them, so the cap-ex-as-deadweight-loss argument may not hold much water. There is simply zero constituency that condemns what I regard as a much bigger threat to the investment landscape than the leveraged balance sheets of Meta Platforms and Amazon . I come back and say, "That's just not true." We had it happen in 2000-2001, and now it is flirting with that same amount of obviously illegitimate garbage, except this time we have no excuse to look the other way because we have had it in our faces not that long ago. Maybe 25 years ago is a long time, and we are just fated to lose another generation of investors like the last ones that were gaffed and mutilated, and it's all just part of a process where the only people who really make money are the issuers, and everyone else, at best, breaks even, but at worst, loses it all. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/innovation/silicon-valley-building-free-chinese-ai-rcna242430
Article: Laskin, a theoretical physicist and machine learning engineer who helped create some of Google’s most powerful AI models, saw a growing embrace among American AI companies of free, customizable and increasingly powerful “open” AI models. The ones that are coming now,” Laskin said, pausing slightly, “well they’re palpably close to the frontier.” Laskin founded a startup called Reflection AI, recently valued at $8 billion, to provide an open-source American alternative to these increasingly capable Chinese models that have gained traction in Silicon Valley. NBC News spoke to over 15 AI startup founders, machine-learning engineers, industry experts and investors, who said that while models from American companies continue to set the pace of progress at the frontier of AI capabilities, many Chinese systems are cheaper to access, more customizable and have become sufficiently capable for many uses over the past year. But the increasing use of free Chinese models by American companies raises questions about how exceptional those models actually are — and whether America’s pursuit of closed models might be misguided altogether. Michael Fine, head machine learning at Exa, an AI-focused search company valued at $700 million and supported by Silicon Valley mainstays like Lightspeed Venture Partners and Nvidia, said running Chinese models on Exa’s own hardware has proved to be significantly faster and less expensive than using bigger models, like OpenAI’s GPT-5 or Google’s Gemini, in many cases. “What often happens is we’ll get a feature working with a closed model and realize it’s too expensive or too slow, and we ask, ‘What levers do we have to make this faster and cheaper?’” “That usually means replacing the closed model with the equivalent open model and then running it on our own infrastructure,” Fine said. They differ from leading American systems like Anthropic’s Claude or OpenAI’s most popular GPT models, which are “closed,” or proprietary, and accessed through data centers and pipelines controlled by the big tech giants. Even well-resourced in-house efforts to use open-source models struggled: Bloomberg tried to create an internal tool, BloombergGPT, using open-source models trained on its expansive collection of financial news and documents, only to see it trail OpenAI’s closed models on financial knowledge. Their open-source products now closely approach or even match the performance of leading closed American models in many domains, according to metrics tracked by Artificial Analysis, an independent AI benchmarking company. “The gap is really shrinking,” Lin Qiao, CEO of Fireworks AI and co-creator of PyTorch, the dominant framework for training AI models, said of the capability differences between American closed-source and Chinese open-source models.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/fda-links-10-childrens-deaths-covid-19-vaccines/story?id=127985834
Article: US health authorities on Saturday cleared the Pfizer and Moderna Covid-19 vaccines for children aged five and younger, in a move President Joe Biden greeted as a "monumental step" in the fight against the virus. FDA Commissioner Marty Makary, in an interview with Fox News over the weekend, said the agency would make information available on the deaths related to the coronavirus shot that he said the Biden administration didn’t. When talking about the recommended booster shots, Makary said, “It makes a mockery of science if we’re just going to rubber-stamp things with no data.” Makary did add, however, that the COVID-19 vaccine worked well for older recipients. Dorit Reiss, a professor of law at UC Law San Francisco who has studied the FDA approval process, criticized Prasad for suggesting changes to the approval for respiratory vaccines based on the conclusion of an unpublished investigation. Amesh Adalja, a senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security and a spokesperson for the Infectious Disease Society of America, said in a statement to ABC News, "The FDA’s memo on vaccines is bereft of any actual medical data that could justify their conclusion linking deaths with Covid vaccines." "To make such a claim, one would need to know basic things such as the age of the patients, the type of vaccines they received, their underlying conditions, what type of analysis was done to establish a causal link, etc," Adalja added.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/winter-storm-snarls-flights-for-post-thanksgiving-travelers-in-chicago
Article: Travelers at the end of the Thanksgiving holiday on Sunday were finding hundreds of flights delayed and canceled in Chicago following a winter storm in the Great Lakes region, while a wintry mix of rain and snow developed in the Northeast. In Wisconsin, utility crews worked to restore power to thousands of people, while the airport in Des Moines, Iowa, reopened on the critical travel day after a Delta Connection flight landing from Detroit slid off an icy runway. On Saturday, 8.4 inches (21.34 centimeters) of snow fell at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport, setting a record for the highest single calendar day snowfall in November at the airport, according to the National Weather Service. The Federal Aviation Administration said at one point on Sunday that departures to O’Hare were delayed on average by nearly an hour due to snow or ice, and that departures from the airport were delayed an average of 15 minutes. He said snow in the Great Lakes region was tapering off, but a new storm was heading to the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, with up to a foot (30 centimeters) of snow by Tuesday.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/weekend-rundown-november-30-rcna246364
Article: Before he settled in a quiet part of Washington state, he was part of a secret unit of Afghans who operated under CIA direction and hunted down Taliban commanders in highly dangerous missions. CIA officers hailed their bravery, skill and loyalty, and the agency prioritized their evacuation from Afghanistan following the fall of Kabul in 2021 because they were prime targets for the Taliban. As a member of the force, Lakanwal would have undergone extensive vetting before he joined the Zero Unit and had regular security checks during his tenure, former intelligence and military officials said. Authorities have not provided a motive for the shooting, and a relative of Lakanwal’s has said the family cannot fathom why a man who fought alongside Americans in Afghanistan may have carried out such an attack. Their former CIA and military colleagues appealed to both the Biden and Trump administrations and to Congress to take action to resolve their legal status, warning that the lack of progress was driving some veterans into despair, the advocates said. Schaben / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images file The director of the Food and Drug Administration’s vaccine division told agency staff in a memo that an internal review found that at least 10 children died “after and because of receiving” the Covid vaccine. The 3,000-word memo, obtained by NBC News, claims that agency staff determined that “no fewer than 10” of 96 child deaths reported to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, or VAERS, between 2021 and 2024 were “related” to Covid vaccination. Mark Kelly, D-Ariz., said on NBC News’ “Meet the Press” that President Donald Trump and Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth are “not serious people” in response to their comments about a video Kelly and several fellow Democrats made this month urging military and intelligence personnel to “refuse illegal orders.” “This president thinks he can bully and intimidate people, and he is not going to, he’s not going to stop me from speaking out and holding him accountable for the things that he does that are wrong and unlawful,” Kelly told moderator Kristen Welker. Officials at the Defense Department this month said they were launching an investigation into Kelly after Trump accused him and several other lawmakers of “seditious behavior,” a charge that the president said could be “punishable by death.” Trump later walked back his comments. Politics in brief Boat strike oversight: Both the House and the Senate have started inquiries into a reported second strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean in September that killed the survivors of an initial strike. Meanwhile, Trump said that Venezuela’s airspace should be considered “closed.” Both the House and the Senate into a reported second strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean in September that killed the survivors of an initial strike. Meanwhile, Trump said that Venezuela’s airspace Noem denies defying order: Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said deportation operations are her decision and denied defying a court order to halt deportation flights to El Salvador this year, attacking “radical decisions” from “activist judges.” Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said deportation operations are her decision and to El Salvador this year, attacking “radical decisions” from “activist judges.” Tricky Dick’s comeback? Some of the most influential right-wing figures insist that Watergate was actually an underhanded scheme by the “deep state” to take down Richard Nixon because he was a popular Republican president. More university settlements: Northwestern University agreed to pay $75 million in a deal with the Trump administration to end a series of investigations and restore hundreds of millions of dollars in federal research funding. Anatolii Stepanov / Reuters From his position on the eastern front lines, the original peace plan backed by President Donald Trump looked more like a proposal for Volodymyr Rzhavskyi’s surrender. While Ukrainian officials fought for changes to the 28-point plan that emerged last week, NBC News spoke with soldiers in the country’s embattled military who expressed frustration at the idea Moscow would be handed its hard-line demands but also hope that they might soon be able to return to their lives. Lane Kiffin leaves Ole Miss on brink of its first playoff appearance to take LSU job Mississippi Rebels head coach Lane Kiffin during the first quarter against the Florida Gators in Oxford, Miss., on Nov. “After a lot of prayer and time spent with family, I made the difficult decision to accept the head coaching position at LSU,” Kiffin wrote in a social media post. Liana Shatova, a business development manager who wanted to go off antidepressants after 18 months Antidepressants, primarily selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, are some of the most widely prescribed medications in the United States, taken by tens of millions of adults. In case you missed it British playwright Tom Stoppard, a playful, probing dramatist who won an Academy Award for the screenplay for 1998’s “Shakespeare In Love,” died at 88 .

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-invites-families-of-2-national-guard-members-who-were-shot-to-white-house
Article: President Donald Trump on Sunday said he’s invited the family of a National Guard member fatally shot last week to the White House, saying he spoke to her parents and they were “devastated.” U.S. “And likewise with Andrew, recover or not.” In recent days, local vigils in West Virginia have honored the soldiers, including one Saturday evening at Webster County High School, where Beckstrom attended classes. “Sarah was the kind of student that teachers hoped for, she carried herself with quiet strength, a contagious smile and a positive energy that lifted people around her,” said Jarrod Hankins, the school’s principal. “She was sweet, caring and always willing to help others.” Beckstrom, 20, and Wolfe, 24 were deployed with the West Virginia National Guard as part of Trump’s aggressive crime-fighting plan that federalized the D.C. A 29-year-old Afghan national faces one count of first-degree murder and two counts of assault with intent to kill while armed in the shooting, which prompted the Trump administration to halt all asylum decisions and pause issuing visas for people traveling on Afghan passports.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/lawmakers-voice-bipartisan-support-for-congressional-reviews-of-trumps-boat-strikes
Article: military strikes against vessels suspected of smuggling drugs in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean, citing a published report that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth issued a verbal order for all crew members to be killed as part of a Sept. The lawmakers said they did not know whether last week’s Washington Post report was true, and some Republicans were skeptical, but they said attacking survivors of an initial missile strike poses serious legal concerns. 2 attack “is completely outside anything that has been discussed with Congress and there is an ongoing investigation.” The comments from lawmakers during news show appearances come as the administration escalates a campaign to combat drug trafficking into the U.S. READ MORE: Maduro’s government rejects Trump’s claim of closing Venezuelan airspace After the Post’s report, Hegseth said Friday on X that “fake news is delivering more fabricated, inflammatory, and derogatory reporting to discredit our incredible warriors fighting to protect the homeland.” “Our current operations in the Caribbean are lawful under both U.S. and international law, with all actions in compliance with the law of armed conflict—and approved by the best military and civilian lawyers, up and down the chain of command,” Hegseth wrote. Jack Reed, said in a joint statement late Friday that the committee “will be conducting vigorous oversight to determine the facts related to these circumstances.” That was followed Saturday with the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Republican Rep. Adam Smith, issuing a joint statement saying the panel was committed to “providing rigorous oversight of the Department of Defense’s military operations in the Caribbean.” “We take seriously the reports of follow-on strikes on boats alleged to be ferrying narcotics in the SOUTHCOM region and are taking bipartisan action to gather a full accounting of the operation in question,” Rogers and Smith said, referring to U.S. I don’t think he would be foolish enough to make this decision to say, kill everybody, kill the survivors because that’s a clear violation of the law of war,” Bacon said. “So, I’m very suspicious that he would’ve done something like that because it would go against common sense.” Kaine and Turner appeared on CBS’ “Face the Nation,” and Bacon was on ABC’s “This Week.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/turkey-condemns-ukrainian-strikes-russian-oil-tankers-off-127976754
Article: The Turkish Foreign Ministry spokesman has condemned Ukrainian drone attacks on two Russian “shadow fleet” oil tankers in the Black Sea FILE - An oil tanker is moored at the Sheskharis oil and petroleum complex on the Black Sea port of Novorossiysk, Russia, Oct. Foreign Ministry spokesman Oncu Keceli said the attacks on the Kairos and Virat vessels happened inside Turkey’s exclusive economic zone and “have posed serious risks to navigation, life, property and environmental safety in the region.” In a social media post late Saturday, Keceli added that Turkey is carrying out talks with “the relevant parties” to prevent the spread of the war in Ukraine across the Black Sea and to protect Turkey’s economic interests. The OpenSanctions database, which tracks people or organizations involved in sanctions evasion, describes the vessels as part of a fleet of ships used to evade sanctions imposed on Russia following its 2022 invasion of Ukraine.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/select/shopping/best-cyber-monday-deals-2025-rcna245873
Article: Cyber Monday sales are live across almost every retailer you can think of, so stop waiting to add that Dyson vacuum, PlayStation console, Medicube face mask or AirPods to your cart. Best Cyber Monday deals 4.7-star average rating from 46,446 reviews on Amazon I put these trackers in my bags, suitcases and wallet, as well as attach them to my keys, so I always know where my belongings are. 4.5-star average rating from 12,606 reviews on Amazon “My skin looks clearer and feels smoother since I started using these exfoliating toner pads,” says NBC Select editorial projects manager Rebecca Rodriguez. “You use the embossed side first to remove dead skin cells, then use the smooth side, which is so soothing on my skin.” The pads are made with 4.5% lactic acid (an AHA) and 0.45% salicylic acid (a BHA) to reduce the appearance of pores, refine skin texture and decrease greasiness, according to the brand. 4.8-star average rating from 84,077 reviews on Amazon It’s always a good idea to have extra batteries at home, but they’re especially useful around the holidays to power string lights, toys and remotes. 4.7-star average rating from 570,832 reviews on Amazon Once you connect devices like lamps, fans and coffee makers to Amazon’s smart plugs, you can control them remotely from the Alexa app or via voice commands. 4.8-star average rating from 122,477 reviews on Amazon LifeStraw’s personal water filter, which you use like a straw, is ideal for those who frequently hike or camp, and it’s a great addition to anyone’s emergency kit. It removes over 99% of bacteria, parasites and microplastics from water, and you can use it to filter 1,000 gallons before you need a new one, according to the brand. About six weeks later, you’ll get your results online, giving you information about your origins around the world and over 75 traits you may have a propensity for, like cilantro aversion and freckles. 4.5-star average rating from 12,485 reviews on Amazon According to NBC Select tech reporter Harry Rabinowitz, the Apple AirPods 4 are some of the best noise-cancelling earbuds for iPhone users. You can also fold it into a phone stand, as well as a compact disc that takes up very little space in your bag — for easy access, I slip it into an outside pocket of my backpack or suitcase. 4.6-star average rating from 96,407 reviews on Amazon Cosrx’s essence is made with 96% snail mucin, an ingredient that brightens, plumps and hydrates skin, as well as reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, according to the brand. Best Cyber Monday tech deals 4.6-star average rating from 67,587 reviews on Amazon Once you plug Amazon’s Fire Stick into your TV’s HDMI port, you can stream movies, shows and music from your favorite platforms in 4K Ultra HD. 4.6-star average rating from 400 reviews on Amazon The Birdie is one of our favorite personal safety keychains, and you can hook it to a bag with the included carabiner. 4.2-star average rating from 3,912 reviews on Amazon I swapped my phone’s blaring alarm for the Hatch Restore’s pleasant wake-up call years ago, and I use the device as a noise machine every night, too. The screen is also glare-free, which NBC Select senior editor Lindsay Schneider says is a game-changer, and a full battery gives you about 12 weeks of use, according to the brand — “I rarely ever charge it,” says Schneider. 4.7-star average rating from 5,438 reviews on Amazon I rely on the TheraGun Mini to relieve sore muscles pre- and post-workout, as well as to minimize tension in my back and shoulders after hunching over the computer. The massage gun connects to the Therabody app via Bluetooth, letting you use pre-programmed routines, and it offers about 180 minutes of battery life when fully charged, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 13,734 reviews on Amazon Marshall’s portable Bluetooth speaker gives you a surround-sound experience with rich, clear audio, and you get up to 30 hours of playtime on a single charge, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 17,277 reviews on Amazon I have Aura’s digital picture frame displayed in my living room, and I love watching it flip through my favorite memories — my guests often compliment it, too, so I’ve gifted it to a few loved ones. Best Cyber Monday beauty and wellness deals 4.3-star average rating from 104,217 reviews on Amazon Color Wow’s Dream Coat spray helps hair repel moisture and humidity to prevent frizz, and it makes hair look glossy and smooth. “I’ve been using the spray for over two years and I don’t remember what it was like to blow dry my hair without it,” says associate commerce social editor Caitlin Cusack. “It makes a noticeable difference in my frizz and leaves my hair feeling soft for days between washes.” The brand recommends reapplying it every three to four shampoos, and there’s also a version for curly hair that I swear by. It’s also a heat protectant up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit, according to the brand, and I use it to break the cast on my curls when I style them with gel. 4.2-star average rating from 72,720 reviews on Amazon This cordless water flosser, which earned the American Dental Association’s Seal of Acceptance, is an effective alternative to string floss that helps remove gunk between your teeth. It comes with four interchangeable tips that rotate 360 degrees to reach all areas of your mouth, and it has three pressure settings, plus a 7-ounce removable reservoir that holds enough water for 45 seconds of use. 4.2-star average rating from 4,210 reviews on Amazon Upgrade your electric toothbrush with this rechargeable option from Philips, which has a built-in 2-minute timer and vibrates to scrub your teeth. “They feel soothing and hydrating the instant I put them on, and leave my skin glowy the next morning.” The sheet masks come individually wrapped in a pack of four and are soaked in a serum made from ingredients like niacinamide, collagen peptides and hyaluronic acid. 4.6-star average rating from 5,831 reviews on Amazon Kiehl’s Ultra Facial Cream is one of my go-to daily moisturizers because it’s gentle on my sensitive skin, never makes me break out and hydrates even the driest, flakiest patches. 4.4-star average rating from 15,264 reviews on Amazon “I wasn’t entirely convinced that a shower oil would leave me feeling clean, but this one from L’Occitane is now one of my bathroom essentials,” says Rodriguez. Its filter removes chlorine, heavy metals and other contaminants from water, and it comes with all the materials and instructions you need for installation (which takes less than 10 minutes). 4.1-star average rating from 19,138 reviews on Amazon Reduce how much noise you’re exposed to at concerts, in cities or while using public transportation by wearing Loop’s Quiet 2 Ear Plugs. Best Cyber Monday home deals 4.4-star average rating from 119,462 reviews on Amazon Shark’s upright vacuum cleans up messes on carpets and bare floors, and it’s equipped with a HEPA filter to trap dust and allergens. 4.4-star average rating from 89,802 reviews on Amazon I’ve used this spot cleaner to get coffee, red wine, pet accidents and mud out of light-colored carpets and fabric furniture, so it’s a miracle worker in my book. Best Cyber Monday kitchen deals 4.2-star average rating from 115,869 reviews on Amazon When you put this kitchen gadget on top of an aluminum can and press the start button, it automatically rotates around the lid to cut it off. 4.4-star average rating from 41,675 reviews on Amazon This single-serve machine lets you brew 8-, 10- or 12-ounce cups of coffee using its large 42-ounce removable water reservoir, so you can make a few cups before refilling it. 4.6-star average rating from 3,048 reviews on Amazon You can put 20 ounces of coffee in this insulated, stainless steel tumbler, which keeps your beverages hot for up to 6 hours or cold for up to 24 hours, according to the brand. It’s the perfect kettle to use for a traditional Argentinian tea called mate, which I drink every day.” The electric kettle, which has a 0.9-liter capacity, also lets you schedule boils in advance, and it automatically shuts off after a period of non-use. Best Cyber Monday travel deals 4.3-star average rating from 8,551 reviews on Amazon No matter how much I beat up my Samsonite luggage, it still works perfectly and looks pristine. 4.9-star average rating from 6,329 reviews at Calpak “This duffel is the ideal size for a quick weekend trip, and the padded material it’s made from makes it comfortable to carry on your shoulder,” says Rodriguez. “The front pocket is perfect for my 15-inch Macbook, and it has a separate compartment for a pair of shoes so they don’t touch your clothes.” In addition to the shoe compartment, Calpak’s Luka Duffel, which fits under airplane seats, has a roomy main compartment and nine pockets to help you organize essentials. 4.9-star average rating from 3,538 reviews at Dagne Dover I store my makeup and skin care in this toiletry bag while traveling, and it fits an impressive number of products inside. Best Cyber Monday fitness deals 4.0-star average rating from 1,911 reviews at Alo Alo’s Warrior Mat is the complete package in my book, and I’ve relied on it during hot yoga, HIIT and pilates classes for years. It’s oversized, giving me ample room to work out, and on the heavier side, which is one of my favorite parts about it — the Warrior Mat never moves around while I’m jumping or running in place. Best Cyber Monday sales overall Best Cyber Monday streaming service sales HBO Max: Get the Basic with Ads plan for $2.99 per month for a year (70% off) through Dec. 2 Starz: $2.99 per month for three months (73% off) when you sign up for a monthly plan Best Cyber Monday tech sales Tile: Up to 50% off Tile trackers sitewide through Dec. 1 Panasonic: Up to 32% off tech sitewide Best beauty sales How I found the best Cyber Monday deals All of my recommendations above are based on NBC Select’s previous coverage and reporting, including products the NBC Select staff tested firsthand. I also wrote about every deal in this article and worked with NBC Select editors to finalize the live list, which I’m frequently updating throughout Cyber Monday to reflect the most up-to-date prices.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2dn5ygypqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: When asked how important it was to continue having a monarchy, as part of the first British Social Attitudes survey back in 1983, 86% of people said it was "very important" or "quite important". In last year's survey, 51% of people answered the same "The only way the monarchy works is by everybody either being apathetic or feeling very affectionate towards it," argues Anna Whitelock, a professor of the history of monarchy at City, University of London. "If those bonds are broken, there really is no purpose or point of monarchy." Plenty of people might be quick to put the most recent threat to those bonds down to scandal. Only 4% of people had a "positive" view of him in a YouGov poll in October (the same month he was stripped of his titles), followed by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, with ratings of 30% and 21% respectively. Yet no-one I spoke to while making these films pointed to any one individual as the sole reason for the current standing of the monarchy in the eyes of the public. AFP via Getty Images Only 4% of people had a "positive" view of Andrew in a YouGov poll in October, the same month he was stripped of his titles I suspect the real challenge facing the Royal Family is the fundamental question of what it stands for in the modern world - a world radically different to the one Elizabeth II reigned over when she ascended the throne in 1952. Even though there is evidence that suggests change is on the agenda, as the Prince of Wales acknowledged last month, what should he do, as heir to the throne - and what should King Charles do as reigning monarch - to win back more support for the institution? Winning the 'oxygen of public support' Three monarchs have been on the throne during my lifetime, and each understood that what matters is the impression they make on their subjects: their image. "There is always a sense of needing to keep the brand popular." Getty Images The Prince and Princess of Wales with their children at Westminster Abbey for the 'Together at Christmas' carol service One of the boldest attempts the Royal Family has ever made to redefine its public image - and keep that brand popular - came back in 1969 when, for the first time, they invited cameras into the heart of family life. Hulton Archive/Getty Images This documentary was, at the time, one of the boldest attempts the Royal Family had made to redefine its public image There was a picnic scene too, with Prince Philip and the Princess Royal seen barbecuing sausages. A number were quite small things, for example, the crown being handled, somebody looking visibly upset, Prince George touching his nose, the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh's handkerchiefs, and, at the lying in state, shots of the Royal Family mouthing the Lord's Prayer. "If Downing Street were trying to control what's being broadcast, that would be reported upon, but if the Palace is intervening in what's being shown about certain things, why is that not seen as something that should be reported?" However, a spokesperson for Buckingham Palace has said: "The events surrounding the funeral of Her Late Majesty were both State occasions and moments of profound personal sorrow for her loved ones. "In particular, we do not believe it would have been fair or appropriate to focus on younger members of the family at a time of mourning." Prince William and the e-scooter Recently, Prince William joined forces with Canadian actor and comedian Eugene Levy for an episode of his travel comedy series that aired last month. "It gets around quite nicely," the Prince explained, later adding: "I'm always late so I thought this was a way to keep my meetings on time." He chatted on about which of Levy's films he had enjoyed. 'Stress around family overwhelms me', Prince William says The social media posts that Prince William and his family share to their 17.1 million followers have a similar approach, with many showing them off-duty, with videos shot in woods, on sand dunes. British "adman" Rory Sutherland, who has spent 37 years in the heart of the advertising world, currently as vice-chairman of Ogilvy, fully approves of the Waleses' approach to striking a more modern tone. "It is a very delicate path to tread." It is, he adds, far less crude than one memorable attempt by the generation before him, when Prince Edward, Princess Anne and Andrew took part in It's a Royal Knockout charity tournament in 1987, presiding over teams of celebrities who wore costumes and did challenges like lobbing ham at each other. Getty Images Prince William and Catherine have strong public approval ratings of 76% and 73% respectively, a YouGov poll suggests Prof Whitelock, though positive about Prince William and his fellow senior Royals' attempts to seem more accessible, is less sure about whether that is enough to modernise the institution as a whole. Tax, politics and royal lifestyles In talking to people as research for my documentary, there seem to me to be other factors, which are potential stumbling blocks to fuller public support. A spokesperson for Kensington Palace has also said that the Prince of Wales voluntarily pays the top rate of income and capital gains tax on all his personal income, including receipts from the Duchy. No explanation was given, when asked for the documentary series, as to why the Prince of Wales has chosen not to follow his father's example of publishing his tax returns since inheriting the role. Getty Images King Charles is not legally obliged to pay income tax or capital gains tax but does so voluntarily Second, the fact that the monarch has the right to be consulted on proposed legislation that may affect the Crown and can ask to be excluded from it. But he adds: "I always thought that skiing holidays are a bit of a bad look." Of course there is the economic case of the sheer amount of money that the Royal Family brings to the UK thanks to tourism - but Mr Sutherland argues that while "you can emphatically make an economic case", it is not the right way to justify the royal's continued existence. "So I like to question things, is what I'm really getting at." Getty Images 'I think it's safe to say that change is on my agenda,' Prince William has said It remains unclear exactly what he means by this. There has been some debate over the years about whether or not there is merit in a bigger shift: in making the British Royal Family more in line with the Dutch royal family, or the Scandinavian ones with a much more informal and modest style. "Those who really support the monarchy like all that comes with it, so if we got to a point where we it looks like the Scandinavian monarchies that don't have big coronations… some people might say 'what's the point now'? "If people are asked what defines Britain," she adds, "I'm sure before too long you do get to the monarch." Getty Images The Dutch royal family - King Willem-Alexander attended schools in the Netherlands but finished his secondary education at Atlantic College in Wales Graham Smith, chief executive of pressure group, Republic, is one of those (albeit in a UK minority) who argue that no amount of reform would be enough to win his approval. "Essentially, it's a ridiculous institution, which… has no justification." AFP via Getty Images Many people find having a Royal Family consoling and representative of the United Kingdom I put to him that over half the country don't think it's ridiculous - many people find it consoling and representative of the United Kingdom, maybe something better than politicians. The press started reporting that thousands of people in London were bringing flowers to Kensington Palace but that the Royal Family had remained up in Balmoral and were not responding. Getty Images The present and the future of the monarchy: King Charles III and the Prince of Wales "It is highly, highly culturally adaptive," says Mr Sutherland, "and obviously an 18th century monarchy might look absurd to us today but at the time it was permanently effectively adapting to changed circumstances, which is one of the reasons it is still around and lots of monarchies aren't." No matter what changes Prince William makes - nor Prince George after him - the bigger question of what becomes of the monarchy in the distant future may not be theirs to decide.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyx2zjd8qvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Feuds, boycotts and the birth of Your Party 36 minutes ago Share Save Sam Francis Political reporter Share Save PA Media Jeremy Corbyn argues Your Party is the best opportunity to create "a socialist party of mass appeal" in the UK Your Party has not got off to the smoothest of starts. Not only is Corbyn no longer the Labour leader, he has been kicked out of the party – an event that set him on the path to founding Your Party. Absent from the audience was a quarter of the party's parliamentary contingent after Sultana had refused to enter, angry over what she saw as "faceless bureaucrats" kicking out members who also belonged to the Socialist Workers Party. Speaking into the megaphone, Mish Rahman - a former member of Labour's ruling National Executive Committee who quit the party claiming it had become "devoid of integrity" under Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer - turned on his new party. He was echoing many points made by fellow ex-Labour member Max Shanly, who a day earlier had told a rally they needed to change the party "by any means necessary". Inside the echoey conference hall, Corbyn used his opening speech to call for unity, telling the audience that "division and disunity will not serve the interests of the people that we want to represent". Getty Images Crowds followed Zarah Sultana, who made most of the headlines throughout Your Party conference But if the drama has drained the mood at the top, it did not kill the buzz on the floor. During a break in proceedings, Nick Parker, a party organiser from Lincoln, said "disagreements are natural, because we all recognise that it's a really important project that we're trying to build". A group of young activists who do not want to give their names say while the Greens "talk the talk", they fail to put the "working class at their heart". EPA The Your Party conference hall frequently erupted into cheers louder than you would expect from 2,500 people It is fair to say Your Party leaves Liverpool transformed from the party that arrived. Polling had once suggested up to 18% of the public would consider voting for a Corbyn-led party – potentially returning dozens of MPs in the fractured multi-party voting in a first past-the-post electoral.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c23evz4jen3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: An angry confrontation and online abuse: Inside the asylum protests in a divided town 37 minutes ago Share Save Mark Daly BBC Disclosure Share Save BBC The footage filmed by the woman was seen by millions of people We were filming an interview on the outskirts of a public park in Falkirk when a woman approached. Getty Images Asylum seekers have been housed at the hotel since 2021 There are about 6,300 people seeking asylum in Scotland, many of whom arrived via small boats across the channel. Kevin, a regular protester, told me: "They're getting telly, they're getting warmth, they're getting clothing, they're getting phones, they're getting free healthcare and if you think that's right in our country right now, I don't." Mobiles phones are not provided by the state but are often given to Cladhan residents by charities who support them. Regular protests have taken place outside the Cladhan Hotel The men in the Cladhan come from a range of countries, including Iran, Sudan and Eritrea, and all claim they need sanctuary from persecution. They [the asylum seekers] have a different belief." There is a feeling among some, perhaps based in part on perceptions around how other cultures treat women, that asylum seekers are more likely to carry out sex attacks. They said they had received some calls about Asian men behaving suspiciously on their phones, but officers had attended and on all occasions the men's actions were found to be innocent. Connor Graham runs a group which organises the Falkirk protests The main organiser of the Falkirk protests is the group Save Our Kids and Our Kids Future, which sprung up in response to Nikzad's crime. The post said: "I'm not racist at all… What I do not believe in is the fact they are pushing a religion on our country." In a message sent privately, Mr Graham said he was worried "Islamists" would "take over our country". I have never promoted hatred towards any faith group." Kevin Doyle was falsely named by protesters as a convicted sex offender Sometimes during the protests, asylum seekers are seen entering the hotel, and they are subjected to torrents of abuse, including being called paedophiles. The next day, Mr Graham's group's public page, which has thousands of followers, posted Kevin's picture beside that of the other man, a convicted offender, saying they were the same person. The post stated the counter protesters were "standing shoulder to shoulder with a convicted predator… this isn't scaremongering… this is FACT!" Getty Images There have been counter-protests to the demonstrations in Falkirk Kevin says the post was up for more than an hour before it was removed. They've done the opposite and effectively put a target on my back." Mr Graham said the post had been made in error by another and the group "rectified it within 20 minutes of it being posted". Laura Murtagh, an independent local councillor and part of the counter-protest group Falkirk For All, said: "I've never felt unsafe in the way I feel unsafe at these protests." She said men had shouted things like: "Wait till it's your turn to be raped." "I'm a survivor myself. He said: "If isolated individuals turned up and acted on their own, that is on them not on me." John Watt has convictions for domestic abuse against two former partners One regular speaker at the protests is John Watt.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/11/30/nx-s1-5626219/philippines-protest-corruption-stolen-funds
Article: Thousands in Philippines protest corruption, demand return of stolen funds toggle caption Aaron Favila/AP MANILA, Philippines — Thousands of demonstrators including from the Roman Catholic church clergy protested in the Philippines on Sunday, calling for the swift prosecution of top legislators and officials implicated in a corruption scandal that has buffeted the Asian democracy. In a deeply divided democracy where two presidents have been separately overthrown in the last 39 years partly over allegations of plunder, there have been isolated calls for the military to withdraw support from the Marcos administration. The Armed Forces of the Philippines has steadfastly rejected such calls and welcomed on Sunday a statement signed by at least 88 mostly retired generals, including three military chiefs of staff, who said they "strongly condemn and reject any call for the Armed Forces of the Philippines to engage in unconstitutional acts or military adventurism." "The unified voice of our retired and active leaders reaffirms that the Armed Forces of the Philippines remains a pillar of stability and a steadfast guardian of democracy," the military said in a statement. Roman Catholic churches across the country helped lead Sunday's anti-corruption protests in their districts, with the main daylong rally being held at a pro-democracy "people power" monument along EDSA highway in the capital region. toggle caption Aaron Favila/AP They demanded that members of Congress, officials and construction company owners behind thousands of anomalous flood control projects in recent years be imprisoned and ordered to return the government funds they stole. A protester wore a shirt with a blunt message: "No mercy for the greedy." Sponsor Message "If money is stolen, that's a crime, but if dignity and lives are taken away, these are sins against fellow human beings, against the country but, most importantly, against God," said the Rev. Since Marcos first raised alarm over the flood control anomalies in his state of the nation address before Congress in July, at least seven public works officers have been jailed for illegal use of public funds and other graft charges in one flood control project anomaly alone. On Friday, Henry Alcantara, a former government engineer who has acknowledged under oath in Senate inquiry hearings his involvement in the anomalies, returned 110 million pesos ($1.9 million) in kickbacks that justice officials said he stole and promised to return more in a few weeks. Protesters in Sunday's rallies said many more officials, including implicated senators and House of Representatives members, should be jailed sooner and ordered to return the funds they stole and used to finance fleets of private jets and luxury cars, mansions and extravagant lifestyles.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/11/30/top-global-arms-producers-revenues-surged-as-major-wars-rage-sipri-report?traffic_source=rss
Article: Revenues from sales of weapons and military services by the 100 largest global arms-producing companies reached a record $679bn in 2024, according to new data released by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI). The Gaza and Ukraine wars, as well as global and regional geopolitical tensions and ever-higher military expenditures, increased revenues generated by the companies from sales of military goods and services to customers domestic and abroad by 5.9 percent compared to the year before, the organisation said in a report published on Monday. The bulk of the global rise was attributed to companies based in Europe and the United States, but there were year-on-year increases in all regions except for Asia and Oceania, where issues within the Chinese arms industry drove down the regional total. Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and General Dynamics led the pack in the US, where the combined arms revenues of arms companies in the top 100 grew by 3.8 percent in 2024 to reach $334bn, with 30 out of the 39 US companies in the ranking increasing their revenues. However, SIPRI said widespread delays and budget overruns continue to plague key projects such as the F-35 fighter jet, the Columbia and Virginia-class submarines, and the Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile. After boosting revenues by 193 percent to reach $3.6bn through making artillery shells for Ukraine, Czech company Czechoslovak Group recorded the sharpest percentage increase in arms revenues of any top 100 company in 2024. European arms companies have been investing in new production capacity to fight off Russia, the SIPRI report said, but it cautioned that sourcing materials – particularly in the case of dependence on critical minerals – could pose a “growing challenge” as China also tightens export controls. Rostec and United Shipbuilding Corporation are the only two Russian arms companies in the ranking, and they also increased their combined arms revenues by 23 percent to $31.2bn despite being hit by Western-led sanctions over the Ukraine war. The regional drop was due to a combined 10 percent decline in arms revenues among the eight Chinese arms companies in the ranking, most prominently the 31 percent fall in the arms revenues of NORINCO, China’s primary producer of land systems. “A host of corruption allegations in Chinese arms procurement led to major arms contracts being postponed or cancelled in 2024,” said Nan Tian, Director of the SIPRI Military Expenditure and Arms Production Programme. “This deepens uncertainty around the status of China’s military modernisation efforts and when new capabilities will materialise.” But Japanese and South Korean arms manufacturers’ sales surged on the back of strong demand from European as well as domestic customers amid simmering tensions over Taiwan and North Korea. Five Japanese companies in the ranking increased their combined arms revenues by 40 percent to $13.3bn, while four South Korean producers saw a 31 percent jump to $14.1bn in revenue. As the United Arab Emirates continues to face international allegations of arming the devastating war in Sudan, the institute noted its regional figure excludes Emirati-based EDGE Group due to a lack of revenue data for 2023. The three Israeli arms companies in the ranking increased their combined arms revenues by 16 percent to $16.2bn amid the ongoing genocidal war on Gaza, which has killed nearly 70,000 Palestinians and destroyed most of the besieged enclave. Rafael’s surge was tied to Iran, as demand for the company’s air defence systems rose to “unprecedented levels” after Iran’s large-scale retaliatory strikes against Israel in April and October 2024 that used ballistic missiles and drones. Baykar, which makes, among other things, advanced drones most recently sold to Ukraine, saw 95 percent of its $1.9bn in arms revenue in 2024 come from exports to other countries.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/house-senate-launch-inquiries-reported-second-strike-alleged-drug-boat-rcna246496
Article: Both the House and the Senate have started inquiries into a reported second strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean in September that killed the survivors of an initial strike. The Defense Department conducted a second strike on a boat the Trump administration says was carrying drugs from Venezuela after the first strike on the boat failed to kill all of its occupants, one U.S. The Post reported that the second strike was ordered by the Joint Special Operations commander overseeing the strike who was complying with a previous order from Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth to "kill everybody." NBC News has not confirmed that detail. “If what has been reported is accurate, I’ve got serious concerns about anybody in that, you know, chain of command stepping over a line that they should never step over,” Kelly said. We hold ourselves to a very high standard of professionalism.” Speaking to reporters Sunday, President Donald Trump said he didn't know anything about the reported second strike, adding that Hegseth "said he did not say that, and I believe him 100%." Asked whether he thought it would be legal if a second strike had taken place to kill those wounded in the first, Trump said, "I don't know that that happened. Mike Rogers, R-Ala., and Adam Smith, D-Wash., saying in a joint statement that the House committee is “committed to providing rigorous oversight of the Department of Defense’s military operations in the Caribbean.” “We take seriously the reports of follow-on strikes on boats alleged to be ferrying narcotics in the SOUTHCOM region and are taking bipartisan action to gather a full accounting of the operation in question,” Rogers and Smith wrote. Chief Pentagon spokesperson Sean Parnell told the Post in a statement that “this entire narrative is completely false.” He told the newspaper that the “ongoing operations to dismantle narcoterrorism and to protect the Homeland from deadly drugs have been a resounding success.” Hegseth posted Friday evening on X that the strikes were intended to be “lethal, kinetic strikes.” “The declared intent is to stop lethal drugs, destroy narco-boats, and kill the narco-terrorists who are poisoning the American people.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgk1l4lrrdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: SAS war crime evidence suppressed, inquiry hears 2 hours ago Share Save Joel Gunter, Hannah O'Grady & Rory Tinman Share Save BBC Two former heads of all UK Special Forces suppressed evidence of possible SAS war crimes, a former high-ranking officer has told a public inquiry in closed evidence sessions. The officer, who was among the most senior in special forces, said he had passed what he called "explosive" evidence suggesting "criminal behaviour" to the then-director special forces in 2011. The officer, known at the inquiry by the cipher N1466, confirmed that neither head of special forces had passed any of the troubling allegations on to the Royal Military Police (RMP), despite British law requiring commanders to inform the RMP of any possibility someone under their command may have committed a serious criminal offence. At the outset of the inquiry, both Gen Carleton-Smith and Lt Gen Jonathan Page, the preceding director of special forces, were named in proceedings in relation to claims they had failed to inform the RMP of the allegations. 'Criminal behaviour' N1466 told the inquiry he had first become concerned back in February 2011, after noticing that SAS reports coming back from Afghanistan showed the regiment was killing people in suspicious circumstances and in unusually high numbers, with too few enemy weapons recovered from some operations to justify the number of deaths. Weapons experts told the Panorama that the pattern suggested the victims had been shot while they were lying down, and that the firefight described by the SAS in their report was unlikely. BBC Panorama visited the scene of a raid in 2022 N1466 also told the inquiry he had been made aware of whistleblower testimony that SAS troopers had been heard bragging during a training course about killing all "fighting-age" males during operations, regardless of whether they posed a threat or not. He said he "indicated quite clearly to him" that "there was a strong potential of criminal behaviour." N1466 testified that the director "absolutely knew what was happening" in Afghanistan with regard to the alleged war crimes, and "absolutely knew what his responsibilities were" when it came to reporting the allegations to military police. The director did not contact police, but instead ordered an internal review of the SAS squadron's tactics – a move N1466 described as a "warning shot" to the squadron to tone down the violence. The director had made "a conscious decision that he is going to suppress this, cover it up and do a little fake exercise to make it look like he's done something," N1466 said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czrk7g50e1po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: WW1 toxic compound sprayed on Georgian protesters, BBC evidence suggests 3 hours ago Share Save Max Hudson , Oana Marocico and Sarah Buckley , BBC Eye Investigations Share Save Shutterstock Protesters against the Georgian government have complained of long-lasting symptoms after being sprayed by water cannon Georgia's authorities used a World War One-era chemical weapon to quell anti-government protesters last year, evidence gathered by the BBC suggests. Gela Khasaia One of the protesters, Gela Khasaia, says his skin burned after being sprayed with the cannon The BBC World Service has spoken to chemical weapons experts, whistleblowers from Georgia's riot police, and doctors, and found the evidence points to the use of an agent that the French military named "camite". There is little documentation of its subsequent use, but it is believed to have been taken out of circulation at some point in the 1930s, because of concerns about its long-lasting effects. Dr Konstantine Chakhunashvili ran a study on protesters' symptoms after he himself suffered ill-effects from the water cannon Georgia's police responded with a variety of riot-control measures including the use of water cannon, pepper spray and CS gas. He found it difficult to breathe after standing close to where it had been sprayed, and he and the 15-20 colleagues who tested it with him could not easily wash it off. Even after we washed our faces with water, and then with a special solution of baking soda and water, which was prepared in advance, we still couldn't breathe freely." Mr Shergelashvili says that as a result of his tests, he recommended against the chemical's use. But he says the water cannon vehicles were nevertheless loaded with it - and that this remained the case at least up until 2022, when he quit his job and left the country. Speaking from his new home in Ukraine, he tells the BBC that when watching footage of the protests last year, he immediately suspected that demonstrators were being subjected to the same chemical. And the BBC spoke to another former high-level police officer who confirmed that whatever was loaded into the water cannon vehicles when Mr Shergelashvili was in position was the same compound deployed in the protests of November-December 2024. Viewers in the UK can see more on Global Eye at 19:00, 1 December on BBC Two Outside the UK, watch the film on BBC World Service YouTube When Mr Shergelashvili was asked if the product he tested could have just been CS gas - which irritates the eyes, skin and respiratory system, but only temporarily - he said it appeared to be far stronger than that. "For example, if you spill this chemical on the ground, you won't be able to stay in that area for the next two to three days, even if you wash it off with water." Mr Shergelashvili does not know the name of the chemical he was asked to test. The only one of these we found to have ever been used as a riot-control agent is bromobenzyl cyanide, also known as camite, developed by the Allies for use in World War One. Shutterstock Huge crowds outside Georgia's parliament in November last year Based on the results of Dr Chakhunashvili's study, victim testimony, the riot police inventory, and Mr Shergelashvili's account of the chemical tests, Prof Holstege believes that this is the case. "Based on the available evidence… the clinical findings reported by both those exposed and by other witnesses are consistent with bromobenzyl cyanide." He ruled out the likelihood of the symptoms being caused by more conventional crowd control measures, such as CS gas, which was also being deployed by Georgia's riot police last year. If that is indeed the case - that this chemical has been brought back - that is actually exceedingly dangerous." Camite was briefly used as a riot control agent by the American police post-World War One, but was abandoned after safer options such as CS gas were invented.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgex9d0212xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Greek sheep and goat cull raises fears of feta cheese shortage 3 hours ago Share Save Kostas Koukoumakas Thessaly, central Greece Share Save AFP via Getty Images Sheep and goats across Greece have been hit by outbreaks of pox Hundreds of thousands of sheep and goats are being culled in Greece, due to the outbreak of an infectious disease. It is very cruel, I felt that I failed to protect them." Farmer Anastasia Siourtou says she feels that she failed to protect her sheep Sheep and goat pox is a viral infection. "The limited amount of available milk increases production costs and makes it more difficult to maintain current quantities [of feta] on the market," says Prof Dimitris Gougoulis from the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Thessaly. If you cut me that day, I wouldn't bleed." AFP via Getty Images Authentic feta cheese can only come from Greece He is flipping thoughtfully through a government document packed with numerical tables. A National Scientific Committee for the Management and Control of Sheep and Goat Pox was only established only in late October - a full 14 months after the first case was detected. Meanwhile, no lockdown zones were established in the areas where the first cases were recorded in late summer of 2024, and critics say that the state veterinary service is significantly understaffed. A spokesman for the Ministry of Rural Development and Food tells the BBC: "We implemented the plan to eradicate sheep pox from the very beginning, as provided for in the European protocols. The decision to establish the scientific committee in October 2025 was taken under the pressure of one factor - many farmers did not comply with biosecurity measures, resulting in an explosion in cases." Greece's Supreme Court has now ruled that prosecutors must investigate possible violations of biosecurity measures, which many critics say is overdue. However, the Greek government responds that mass vaccination could lead to Greece being classified as an endemic country for the diseases, which would bring restrictions on the export of sheep and goat's milk - and especially of feta cheese.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8xd471z1vlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The i Paper also leads on Reeves's denial that she "didn't lie" about tax rises and the "black hole", referring to the funding gap she had indicated she needed to fill. The paper also highlights a portion of the Budget it says was "buried" last week: teens with certain mental health conditions won't be required to attend school or training for their parents to claim benefits. A Ministry of Defence spokesperson told the paper "the government is fully committed to supporting the independent inquiry relating to Afghanistan", adding that it would wait for the outcome before commenting further. In a speech on Monday the prime minister will argue that she has provided economic stability by creating more fiscal headroom, referring to the money left over after the government meets its expected costs.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-hell-release-mri-results-part-body-scanned-127987723
Article: President Donald Trump says he'll release the results of his MRI test that he received in October By The Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., to Joint Base Andrews, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) President Donald Trump speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., to Joint Base Andrews, Sunday, Nov. He said the results of the MRI were “perfect.” The White House has so far declined to detail why Trump had an MRI during his physical last month, or on what part of his body. The press secretary, Karoline Leavitt, has said that the president received “advanced imaging” at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center “as part of his routine physical examination” and that the results showed Trump remains in “exceptional physical health.” Trump added Sunday that he has “no idea” on what part of his body he got the MRI.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/covet-italian-masterpiece-shy-millions-digital-copy-supercar-127976447
Article: Italian cultural officials are offering digital copies of Italian masterpieces as part of a new project to help museums raise money Covet an Italian masterpiece, but shy of the millions? How about a digital copy at supercar prices Primo Maronati holds a certificate next to a digital version of Leonardo Da Vinci's portrait, "La Scapiliata, Lady with Disheveled Hair," at the Brera Art Gallery in Milan, Italy, Monday, Nov. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni) Primo Maronati holds a certificate next to a digital version of Leonardo Da Vinci's portrait, "La Scapiliata, Lady with Disheveled Hair," at the Brera Art Gallery in Milan, Italy, Monday, Nov. Now, Italian cultural officials are making it possible to purchase a limited edition, certified digital copy of the Renaissance genius’ “Lady with Disheveled Hair’’ for roughly the price of a Lamborghini. The Italian nonprofit Save the Artistic Heritage with its technical partner Cinello are providing well-heeled collectors the possibility of owning a literal projection of original Italian masterpieces, sized and framed to match the museum experience. We want to sell a piece of artwork,'' said John Blem, the Italian-born Danish entrepreneur who founded the initiative and who serves as chairman of Cinello and vice president of the nonprofit. Over the last two years, Save the Artistic Heritage has contributed 300,000 euros ($347,000) to its Italian museum partners, with prices of the digital masterpieces ranging from 30,000 euros to 300,000 euros. The catalog of some 250 Italian artworks comes from about 10 Italian museums and foundations, including the Pinacoteca Ambrosiana in Milan, the Capodimonte in Naples and the Pilotta in Parma, which owns Leonardo's unfinished painting on wood of a woman with windblown hair, which sold for 250,000 euros (nearly $290,000). The digital artworks appear backlit on screens sized to match their originals, the luminescent effect bordering on Technicolor for such brightly colored masterpieces as Raffaelo's “The Marriage of the Virgin,'' which hangs in Milan's Brera Art Gallery. “I must say that the digital copy of ‘The Marriage of the Virgin' has aroused in me and all those who have seen it a great deal of interest,'' said Angelo Crespi, the Brera Art Gallery's director. … When they get close, people can see that it's a digital copy on a screen.” Digital technology has been gaining ground in the art space, including digital canvases and even TV sets that display rotating artworks and photographs. The Van Gogh museum in Amsterdam has experimented on two limited-time projects: textured, multidimensional scans of selected masterpieces in its Relievo partnership with Fujifilm and the “Meet Vincent Van Gogh” interactive experience seen by more than 1 million people globally. Andrews art history department, said Save the Artistic Heritage's project falls in a long tradition of Italian institutions using copies of artwork to help support their activities and preserve their collections. “Italian museums, bodies, have been at the forefront of these technologies,'' he said, citing the Alinari Archive in Florence, a collection of over 5 million photographic materials dating from the mid-1800s, and the Vatican Museums, which collaborated on ultra-high-resolution digital photography to create a detailed record of the Sistine Chapel. The Brera museum last week launched another phase with Save the Artistic Heritage, with a second series of nine artworks that can be used to woo donors and for promotional purposes, reinforcing the fundraising mission. “They are creating a system that allows anyone who buys an artwork to contribute to the museum.'' The digital copies are projected onto screens sized to scale with original artworks in replica frames. In a next phase, Blem hopes to be able to support so-called digital exhibitions of masterpieces that are only rarely if ever put on loan, bringing them to far-flung and remote places where access to museum quality exhibitions are rare.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/report-worlds-biggest-arms-producers-increased-revenue-59-127987546
Article: A new report says that the world’s biggest weapons-producing companies saw a 5.9% increase in revenue from sales of arms and military services last year as demand was fed by the wars in Ukraine and Gaza as well as countries’ rising military spending STOCKHOLM -- The world's biggest weapons-producing companies saw a 5.9% increase in revenue from sales of arms and military services last year as demand was fed by the wars in Ukraine and Gaza as well as countries' rising military spending, according to a report released Monday. The bulk of the increase was down to companies based in Europe and the United States, but there were increases around the world — except in Asia and Oceania, where problems in the Chinese arms industry led to a slight fall. There were notably big gains for the Czech Republic's Czechoslovak Group, whose revenue soared by 193% thanks in part to a government-led project to source artillery shells for Ukraine; and for Ukraine's JSC Ukrainian Defense Industry, which had a 41% gain. European firms are investing in new production capacity to meet greater demand, but SIPRI researcher Jade Guiberteau Ricard cautioned in a statement that “sourcing materials could pose a growing challenge,” with restructuring of supply chains for critical minerals a potential complication in light of Chinese export restrictions. The two Russian companies in SIPRI's list, Rostec and United Shipbuilding Corporation, saw arms revenues rise 23% to a combined $31.2 billion, despite sanctions leading to a shortage of components. In 2024, the backlash over Israeli actions in Gaza "seems to have had little impact on interest in Israeli weapons,’ SIPRI researcher Zubaida Karim said, and many countries continued to place new orders.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/trump-hell-release-mri-results-part-body-scanned-127987724
Article: President Donald Trump says he'll release the results of his MRI test that he received in October Trump says he'll release MRI results; he doesn't know what part of his body was scanned By The Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., to Joint Base Andrews, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) President Donald Trump speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., to Joint Base Andrews, Sunday, Nov. He said the results of the MRI were “perfect.” The White House has so far declined to detail why Trump had an MRI during his physical last month, or on what part of his body. The press secretary, Karoline Leavitt, has said that the president received “advanced imaging” at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center “as part of his routine physical examination” and that the results showed Trump remains in “exceptional physical health.” Trump added Sunday that he has “no idea” on what part of his body he got the MRI.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/china-ratingdog-factory-activity-contracts-in-november-private-survey-rating-dog-sp-pmi.html
Article: Costfoto | Nurphoto | Getty Images China's factory activity unexpectedly contracted in November, according to a private survey released Monday, as soft domestic demand continued to cast a pall over the world's second-largest economy. The private survey, which has typically painted a better picture than the official polls because it focuses on export-oriented manufacturers, signaled a slowdown from 51.2 in September and 50.6 in October. The official manufacturing PMI, released on Sunday, showed China's factory activity shrank for an eighth month in November, coming in at 49.2, although marking a modest improvement from 49.0 in the prior month. The RatingDog private survey covers 650 manufacturers and collects responses in the second half of each month, while the official PMI surveys a larger sample of over 3,000 companies at month-end. "Manufacturing production growth came to a halt as new orders nearly stalled in November," S&P Global and RatingDog said in a statement, despite a notable recovery in new export orders, which expanded at the quickest pace in eight months. "Manufacturers reduced their workforce and purchasing volume, and became more cautious in inventory management," said Yao Yu, founder of financial technology company RatingDog, amid a slowdown in new business growth. Yu expects a "weak expansion" in factory activity in December as policymakers work toward the annual growth target of "around 5%." Separately, the official non-manufacturing PMI, comprising construction and services, fell to 49.5, marking the first contraction for the index since December 2022, the official data showed, dragged by weakness in the real estate and residential services sectors. Economic downswing The readings offered an early glimpse of how the economy fared in November after a slew of data showed the economic slowdown had worsened in the final quarter of this year, amid a prolonged housing downturn and sluggish domestic demand.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/israelis-protest-in-tel-aviv-after-netanyahu-seeks-pardon-on-fraud-cases?traffic_source=rss
Article: Opposition lawmakers, including Naama Lazimi, joined dozens of activists at the protest – held under the slogan “Pardon = Banana Republic” – outside Herzog’s private home, demanding he reject the request. “He is asking that his trial will be completely cancelled without taking any responsibility, without paying the price for how he tore up this country,” said prominent antigovernment activist Shikma Bressler. In one case, Netanyahu and his wife, Sara, are accused in one case of accepting more than $260,000 worth of luxury goods, such as cigars, jewellery and champagne, from billionaires in exchange for political favours. Advertisement Netanyahu denies the charges, and his lawyers said in a 111-page letter to the president’s office that the prime minister still believes the legal proceedings would result in a complete acquittal. In November 2024, the ICC issued arrest warrants for Netanyahu and former Minister of Defence Yoav Gallant on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity in the genocidal war on Gaza. The Movement for Quality Government in Israel said that granting a pardon to a prime minister accused of serious offences of fraud and breach of trust would send a clear message that there are citizens who are above the law. ‘Liability’ Outside Herzog’s home, protester Ami Dror, 52, said the president’s job was to “protect Israeli democracy… and if you demolish law and order, this might be the end of Israeli democracy”. Smotrich said Netanyahu had “been persecuted for years by a corrupt judicial system that fabricated political cases against him”, while Defence Minister Israel Katz said a pardon would end the “deep rift that has accompanied Israeli society for nearly a decade”. And internationally, he’s now been indicted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and he led Israel into a genocidal war, which is the subject of proceedings at the International Court of Justice,” Bishara said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp8zyp988zvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US lawmakers demand answers over Hegseth Venezuela boat strike claims 1 hour ago Share Save Brajesh Upadhyay Washington Share Save Getty Images US lawmakers are pressing the Trump administration for answers about military strikes on suspected Venezuelan drug boats, following reports that a follow-up strike was ordered to kill survivors of an initial attack. On Friday, The Washington Post reported that a US strike on a boat on 2 September left two survivors, but a second attack was carried out to comply with Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth's orders to "kill everybody" on board. The US has expanded its military presence in the Caribbean and carried out a series of lethal strikes on suspected drug-smuggling boats in international waters off Venezuela and Colombia, as part of what it calls is an anti-narcotics operation. In its report on Friday, The Washington Post wrote that Secretary Hegseth "gave a spoken directive" to "kill everybody" on board one such vessel, and a Special Operations commander overseeing the operation "ordered a second strike to comply with Hegseth's instructions".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c997n2zlegzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Japanese 'One Piece' singer stopped mid-show after China-Japan feud The popular anime One Piece centres on a rowdy crew of pirates who have made it their mission to challenge a draconian regime This spate of cancellations come as diplomatic tensions between Beijing and Tokyo fester over Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi's remarks on Taiwan. Maki Otsuki was halfway through the theme of hit anime One Piece on Friday when the lights and music went off, after which she was rushed off stage by two crew members. The abrupt cancellations of several Japanese music events in Shanghai - one of them midway through a song - have sparked criticism among fans, with some calling the moves "rude" and "extreme". Her performance was part of a three-day music festival in Shanghai, for which subsequent events were also called off after "comprehensively taking into consideration various factors", according to Japan's Kyodo News. Some of Otsuki's fans have made a meme comparing the shutting down of her performance with the shocking removal of China's former leader Hu Jintao during a Communist Party meeting in October 2022. "It's truly regrettable that there are people who can't feel the power of music," he wrote in an X post which also included a link to Journey's Don't Stop Believin'. The pop icon went ahead to perform to 14,000 empty seats as part of her appreciation for the "people in the company, the Chinese staff, and the large Japanese family that fought through this tour" she wrote on Instagram. It is unclear where the instructions to Two weeks ago, Chinese state media announced that the releases of at least two popular Japanese anime films will be postponed amid the diplomatic row.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thousands-protest-surge-croatia-incidents-127978168
Article: Thousands of people have joined protest marches in Croatia against a surging far right following a spate of incidents targeting ethnic minorities and liberals that have fueled both ethnic and political tensions in the European Union country Protesters hold placards during a protest march against the surging far right following a spate of incidents targeting ethnic minorities and liberals, in Zagreb, Croatia, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo) ZAGREB, Croatia -- Thousands of people on Sunday joined protest marches in Croatia against a surging far right following a spate of incidents that have fueled both ethnic and political tensions in the European Union country. Protesters demanded also that the authorities curb hard right groups and their frequent use of pro-fascist symbols relating to Croatia's World War II pro-Nazi puppet state, which ran concentration camps where tens of thousands of ethnic Serbs, Jews, Roma and antifascist Croats were executed. A protest declaration stated that “we will not agree to treating national minorities as a provocation and to an idea of patriotism that draws its symbols from the darkest episode of our history.” “All that has been happening around us is very dangerous,” journalist Maja Sever told participants at the Zagreb rally. “You have shown you will not be quiet but that we will fight for a democratic society.” Groups of young men wearing black clothes showed up in counter-gatherings in the northwestern port city of Rijeka and the central coastal town of Zadar, where they shouted insults and threw firecrackers and red paint at the protesters, according to the HRT public broadcaster. Extremist incidents in November targeted ethnic Serb cultural events in the capital Zagreb and in the coastal city of Split, sparking fears of ethnic violence decades after a Serb-Croat war in 1991-95. “We have groups throwing smoke bombs and firecrackers and threatening violence, raising their right hand in the air and shouting ‘For the homeland — Ready,’” Iva Davorija, an organizer of the march in Zadar, told HRT public broadcaster. “They are doing this freely.” Croatia’s tilt to the right first started after the governing conservatives of Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic formed a coalition with a far-right party after last year’s parliamentary election, leaving an ethnic Serb party outside the government for the first time in years. The trend, however, culminated with a mass concert in July of a right-wing singer whose use of the World War II slogan in one of his most popular songs has been a source of controversy and divisions for years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/cyber-monday-break-spending-records-despite-economic-uncertainty-127990827
Article: Deals promoted as some of the best of the holiday season are expected to keep people across the United States glued to their computers and smartphones on Cyber Monday NEW YORK -- Deals promoted as some of the best of the holiday season are expected to keep people across the United States glued to their computers and smartphones as the post-Thanksgiving shopping marathon wraps up on Cyber Monday. Consumer spending for Cyber Week — the five major shopping days between Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday — provides a strong indication of how much shoppers are willing to spend for the holidays. “Discounts are set to remain elevated through Cyber Monday, which we expect will remain the biggest online shopping day of the season and year.” Deals on electronics and apparel are poised to peak Monday at 30% and 26% off average listed prices, per Adobe's latest estimates.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/super-bowl-2026-pregame-performers-include-charlie-puth-127991005
Article: (AP Photo/Bruna Prado, File) LOS ANGELES -- The Super Bowl pregame show will open with a trio of standout performers in Northern California: Charlie Puth will hit the stage to sing the national anthem, Brandi Carlile will take on “America the Beautiful” and Coco Jones will sing “Lift Every Voice and Sing.” The performances will take place Feb. “These artists bring a distinct voice to the moment, helping set the tone for a day that will captivate fans around the world,” said Jon Barker, senior vice president of global event production for the NFL. Julian Ortiz will sign “America the Beautiful.” In a historic first, the halftime show will include a multilingual signing program featuring Puerto Rican Sign Language, led by interpreter Celimar Rivera Cosme. Puth is a four-time Grammy-nominated singer known for his songs “Attention,” “We Don’t Talk Anymore” and his 2015 breakout hit “See You Again," with Wiz Khalifa, from the “Furious 7” movie soundtrack. She's nominated for two Grammys with Elton John for their album “Who Believes in Angels?” released in April and their song “Never Too Late” from his documentary film “Elton John: Never Too Late.” Jones is an R & B star who won a Grammy in the best R & B performance category for her song “ICU” in 2024 and released her debut album “Why Not More?" which is nominated for best R & B album at next year's ceremony. “Charlie, Brandi, and Coco are generational talents, and we are honored to have them — alongside our extraordinary deaf performers — on Super Bowl LX’s world stage,” said Desiree Perez, CEO of Roc Nation, which is producing the show with DPS and Jesse Collins.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvgrwedyr0eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Pope Leo finds his voice on first foreign trip 7 hours ago Share Save Aleem Maqbool Religion Editor, Travelling with the Pope, Beirut Share Save Getty Images The Pope arrived in Beirut on Sunday Pope Leo XIV has arrived in the Lebanese capital Beirut a week after Israeli air strikes hit the Lebanese capital. The Pope has already spent three days in Turkey and, watching his diplomacy at close quarters, we are learning a little more about how he intends to carry out his duties as both spiritual leader and head of state of Vatican City. But sometimes that meant his aides had the job of risk management, having to explain statements that appeared to be a departure from what the Pope had previously said or a diplomatic faux pas. Reuters At the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit in Istanbul Pope Francis wrote in his autobiography that when his papacy began in 2013, he felt that he would only have two or three years in the role. At the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit in Istanbul, as he stood at the altar before the congregation made up of the tiny Christian minority that had welcomed him so warmly and joined worship with him, the pope took a moment where he even appeared to be holding back tears. In a way, it was reminiscent of that moment in May when he stepped on to the balcony of St Peter's Basilica, having just agreed to take on the daunting task of leading well over a billion people in something so personal and sensitive as their faith. As a statesman leading the Vatican, he can often appear to be in listening mode, but on this trip, Pope Leo has shown that he can still issue some strong statements. Standing next to Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, he decried powerful countries flexing their economic and military might, blaming that for heightened levels of conflict around the world and saying "the future of humanity is at stake". At an event marking 1,700 years since a hugely significant Christian council in what is now the Turkish city of Iznik, he said: "We must strongly reject the use of religion for justifying war, violence, or any form of fundamentalism or fanaticism." On the plane from Istanbul to Beirut, when addressing the decades old conflict between Israel and the Palestinians, he said the only solution had to include a Palestinian state. "We all know that at this time Israel still does not accept that solution," he said but quickly followed that up by saying the Vatican was still "friends with Israel" and was seeking to be a mediating voice. Getty Images People of all major faiths turned out in southern Beirut with papal flags Pope Leo's first act in Lebanon, a country with huge governance issues, was to sit alongside the country's leading politicians and remind them they should be dedicated to the service of their people. He could have visited other countries, but he gave priority to Lebanon while it is still at war," Patriarch Bechara al-Rahi, leader of the Maronite Catholic Church (to which most Lebanese Christians belong) told the BBC. The Pope's visit here provides a boost to the third of the country that is estimated to be Christian, but all Lebanese have been granted a two-day national holiday and those from all major faiths have welcomed him. He has certainly cast himself as a bridge-builder; between peoples, faiths, Christian denominations and even closer to home, becoming pope as he did at a time when divisions between progressive and traditionalist Catholics appeared to be growing.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/venezuela-calls-on-opec-to-counter-us-threats?traffic_source=rss
Article: Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has called on the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to help his country counter “growing and illegal threats” from the United States and its president, Donald Trump. “I hope to count on your best efforts to help stop this aggression, which is growing stronger and seriously threatens the balance of the international energy market, both for producing and consuming countries,” Maduro said, according to a copy of the letter published by state broadcaster TeleSUR. While Venezuela holds the world’s largest proven oil reserves, estimated at 303 billion barrels as of 2023, it exported just $4.05bn worth of crude oil in 2023, far below other major-oil producing countries, in part due to US sanctions imposed during the first Trump presidency. Along with Iran, Iraq, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, the Latin American country was a founding member of OPEC in 1960, with its members cooperating to control oil supply and influence the price of oil in the decades that followed. The White House has claimed that it is focused on combating drug trafficking, though critics have pointed out that Washington’s own data shows that Venezuela is not a significant source of drugs arriving in the US. The US has also deployed a considerable military presence to the Caribbean region, including the world’s largest aircraft carrier, the USS Gerald R Ford, other warships, thousands of troops and F-35 fighter jets. By contrast, many of the island countries in the Caribbean region are calling on fossil-fuel dependent countries to transition to other sources of energy, as they struggle to respond to tropical storms and other disasters, which are becoming more frequent and severe due to climate change.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8dy9qp71v2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Why 2026 will be a year like no other for India's Sun mission 4 hours ago Share Save Geeta Pandey Delhi Share Save Getty Images A coronal mass ejection can be several times larger than Earth For Aditya-L1, India's first solar observation mission in space, the year 2026 is expected to be like no other. It sees the Sun transition from calm to stormy and is marked by a huge increase in the number of solar storms and coronal mass ejections (CMEs) - massive bubbles of fire that blow out of the Sun's outermost layer called corona. "Next year, we expect them to be 10 or more daily." Prof Ramesh is the principal investigator on Visible Emission Line Coronagraph, or Velc - the most important of the seven scientific instruments on Aditya-L1 - and closely monitors and decodes the data it gathers. One, because the ejections provide an opportunity to learn about the star at the centre of our solar system, and two, because activities that take place on the Sun threaten infrastructure on Earth and in space. Getty Images The aurora borealis lit up the night sky over the US in November CMEs rarely pose a direct threat to human life, but they do affect life on Earth by causing geomagnetic storms that impact the weather in near space, where nearly 11,000 satellites, including 136 from India, are stationed. Why it costs India so little to reach the Moon and Mars The most powerful solar storm ever recorded was the Carrington Event in 1859, which knocked out telegraph lines across the globe. Prof Ramesh says that if we are able to see what happens on the Sun's corona and spot a solar storm or a coronal mass ejection in real time, record its temperature at origin and watch its trajectory, it can work as a forewarning to switch off power grids and satellites and move them out of harm's way.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/new-fda-approved-glasses-slow-nearsightedness-kids-127991874
Article: A new type of lens approved by the FDA promises to slow nearsightedness in children In this photo provided by EssilorLuxottica in October 2025, refractions caused by lenslets embedded in the company's Stellest eyeglass lens are projected onto a table. (Luxottica via AP) WASHINGTON -- For many children, the experience of getting their first pair of glasses is an inevitable milestone, the first in a lifetime of visits to the eye doctor. “'It will be lifelong and it will likely get worse over the next few years.’” The specialized glasses, sold under the brand Essilor Stellest, are approved by the FDA to slow nearsightedness in 6- to 12-year-olds. The new lenses use 11 concentric rings filled with tiny raised dots to refocus light onto the retina in a way that is believed to slow elongation of the eye. “Whether this hypothesis is ultimately proven to be true, of course, matters only in part,” Repka said, noting that the lenses appear to work regardless of how the underling science works. “I think before it becomes widely used, we will need some data in the United States" showing that the lenses work, said Repka, who is conducting a U.S.-based study of the new lenses supported by the National Institutes of Health.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-futures-slip-asian-stocks-mixed-oil-prices-127992008
Article: Asian shares have started the week mixed, with Tokyo's benchmark falling nearly 2% US futures slip and Asian stocks are mixed, while oil prices surge more than $1 a barrel A person walks in front of an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei index at a securities firm Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) BANGKOK -- Asian shares began the week mixed, with Tokyo’s benchmark falling nearly 2% on Monday after the release of data showing weak factory activity, while U.S. The S & P Global Japan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers index, or PMI, was at 48.7 last month, a slight improvement from 48.2 in October but still in contractionary territory on a scale of zero to 100 where 50 marks the cutoff for expansion. “The latest PMI data showed that Japan’s manufacturing sector continued to struggle with weak demand conditions in November, with firms signaling another solid decline in overall new business,” Annabel Fiddes, economics associate director at S & P Global Market Intelligence, said in a report. But Hong Kong's Hang Seng climbed 0.8% to 26,068.05, Big online food delivery company Meituan's shares fell 1.5% after the company reported it fell to a net loss in the last quarter as intense competition in the delivery industry pushed prices lower, even as the company's revenues rose. Across Asia, PMI readings reflected weak factory activity for November, though exports from the region have been rebounding in recent months, Shivaan Tandon, Asia economist for Capital Economics, said in a commentary.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/indiana-lawmakers-state-house-convene-session-redistricting-top-127991914
Article: Indiana lawmakers in the state House of Representatives are gathering Monday with the possibility of advancing redistricting legislation, increasing pressure on their Senate colleagues to get on board with redrawing the state's congressional map Indiana lawmakers in state House to convene session with redistricting top of mind FILE - Indiana Republican House Speaker Todd Huston leaves the podium in the house chamber at the Statehouse, Jan. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings, File) Indiana House members are expected to push forward Monday with redrawing the state’s congressional districts in Republicans’ favor, increasing pressure on their defiant counterparts in the GOP-led Senate to meet President Donald Trump’s demands. Trump and other Republicans want to make the map 9-0 in the GOP's favor, aiming to give the party two extra seats in the 2026 elections that will determine control the U.S.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/us-futures-slip-asian-stocks-mixed-oil-prices-127992009
Article: Asian shares have started the week mixed, with Tokyo's benchmark falling nearly 2% US futures slip and Asian stocks are mixed, while oil prices surge more than $1 a barrel A person walks in front of an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei index at a securities firm Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) BANGKOK -- Asian shares began the week mixed, with Tokyo’s benchmark falling nearly 2% on Monday after the release of data showing weak factory activity, while U.S. The S & P Global Japan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers index, or PMI, was at 48.7 last month, a slight improvement from 48.2 in October but still in contractionary territory on a scale of zero to 100 where 50 marks the cutoff for expansion. “The latest PMI data showed that Japan’s manufacturing sector continued to struggle with weak demand conditions in November, with firms signaling another solid decline in overall new business,” Annabel Fiddes, economics associate director at S & P Global Market Intelligence, said in a report. But Hong Kong's Hang Seng climbed 0.8% to 26,068.05, Big online food delivery company Meituan's shares fell 1.5% after the company reported it fell to a net loss in the last quarter as intense competition in the delivery industry pushed prices lower, even as the company's revenues rose. Across Asia, PMI readings reflected weak factory activity for November, though exports from the region have been rebounding in recent months, Shivaan Tandon, Asia economist for Capital Economics, said in a commentary.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/new-fda-approved-glasses-slow-nearsightedness-kids-127991881
Article: A new type of lens approved by the FDA promises to slow nearsightedness in children In this photo provided by EssilorLuxottica in October 2025, refractions caused by lenslets embedded in the company's Stellest eyeglass lens are projected onto a table. (Luxottica via AP) WASHINGTON -- For many children, the experience of getting their first pair of glasses is an inevitable milestone, the first in a lifetime of visits to the eye doctor. “'It will be lifelong and it will likely get worse over the next few years.’” The specialized glasses, sold under the brand Essilor Stellest, are approved by the FDA to slow nearsightedness in 6- to 12-year-olds. The new lenses use 11 concentric rings filled with tiny raised dots to refocus light onto the retina in a way that is believed to slow elongation of the eye. “Whether this hypothesis is ultimately proven to be true, of course, matters only in part,” Repka said, noting that the lenses appear to work regardless of how the underling science works. “I think before it becomes widely used, we will need some data in the United States" showing that the lenses work, said Repka, who is conducting a U.S.-based study of the new lenses supported by the National Institutes of Health.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g9dyd84lwo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Tulip Siddiq MP given jail sentence in Bangladesh after trial in her absence The sitting London MP resigned from the government in January to avoid "distraction" over her ties to ex-Bangladesh prime minister Sheikh Hasina The sitting MP for Hampstead and Highgate continues to face a number of outstanding charges in Bangladesh. She was accused of influencing her aunt, Bangladesh's ousted prime minister Sheikh Hasina, to secure a plot of land for her family in the outskirts of the capital Dhaka, a claim she strongly denies. Labour MP and former minister Tulip Siddiq has been sentenced to two years in prison in Bangladesh after being put on trial in her absence alongside 16 other people over corruption allegations. The trial involving Siddiq - who quit as a Treasury minister in January over controversy around her ties to her aunt - has been playing out in Dhaka since August. Court documents included claims that Siddiq "forced and influenced her aunt and the former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina using her special power to secure [a plot of land] for her mother Rehana Siddiq, sister Azmina Siddiq and brother Radwan Siddiq". Siddiq's lawyers have disputed she is a Bangladeshi citizen, telling the Financial Times she has "never had" an ID card or voter ID, and "has not held a passport since she was a child". A statement on her behalf continued: "I have been clear from the outset that I have done nothing wrong and will respond to any credible evidence that is presented to me. Signatories to that statement included ex-justice secretary Robert Buckland, former attorney general Dominic Grieve, and Lady Cherie Blair, a human rights lawyer and wife of former prime minister Sir Tony Blair. In a letter first reported by the Guardian, they said Siddiq had not been able to secure proper legal representation during the trial, adding: "Such a process is artificial and a contrived and unfair way of pursuing a prosecution." The verdict comes two weeks after Hasina was sentenced to death in a separate trial over her role in a brutal crackdown against the protests which ultimately forced her from office in July 2024. Last week, Hasina was given a 21-year prison sentence after being put on trial in her absence alongside two of her children over a land deal in the Purbachal area of the capital, a case which has ran in parallel to the case against Siddiq. Prior to Siddiq's resignation from the British government, Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer's independent ethics adviser Sir Laurie Magnus said he had not found "evidence of improprieties" following an investigation.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/top-reason-startups-fail-first-two-years-vc-reece-chowdhry-concept-ventures-europe-pre-seed-fund.html
Article: "The number one reason companies typically fail in the first 18 to 24 months is that founders fall out with each other or don't get along, don't have the same vision alignment, purpose, and so that is something that we think is really important," he said. "If I gave the New York Times' dating questions, would they match up to a level where you would really intimately know people at their core?" Other core traits that Chowdhry looks for in founders include an obsession with a specific field or industry, relentlessness and grit, a growth mindset, and evidence of exceptionalism in something outside of work, such as sports or chess.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/1/why-is-work-related-migration-to-rich-countries-falling?traffic_source=rss
Article: Work-related migration to wealthy countries fell by more than one-fifth last year, as labour markets weakened and countries including Australia and the United Kingdom tightened visa rules, according to new research by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). Data from the Paris-based organisation, which is made up of 38 wealthy and emerging economies, showed that work-related migration declined between 2023 and 2024, even before Donald Trump’s return to the White House reduced the number of arrivals into the United States. After several years of steady growth following the global COVID-19 pandemic, the number of people admitted for permanent work purposes across the OECD fell by 21 percent last year, dropping to roughly 934,000. In April, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cut its global growth forecast by 0.5 percentage points to 2.8 percent for 2025, citing President Donald Trump’s trade war as a limiting factor. According to the most recent data from the OECD, an estimated 5.1 million Ukrainians who fled their country following Russia’s full-scale invasion in 2022 are now living in OECD member states, as of June 2025. Asylum applications surged in the US in the final months of the Biden administration last year, and the UK has experienced a sharp increase in illegal small-boat arrivals from EU countries in recent months. These increases mean that, despite the fall in labour and student migration, total permanent migration to advanced economies in 2024 dipped only slightly, by 4 percent, from a peak in the previous year. Despite the political debate, research by investment bank Goldman Sachs found that immigration drove most of the employment gains in Canada, New Zealand, Sweden, Germany and the UK in 2023, and added more than four million jobs in the US. In the UK, for instance, the employment rate among foreign-born workers stood at about 76 percent – a figure that slightly surpassed the rate recorded for people who were born in the country. Advertisement He attributed this partly to visa schemes geared towards higher-skilled roles and partly to the fact that lower-skilled migrants were willingly “filling gaps” in jobs UK nationals do not want. Fabiola Mieres, a senior specialist in migration at the International Labour Organization, told Al Jazeera: “We need to rethink some of the issues around native labour shortages in areas like agriculture, construction and health [where migrant workers tend to be concentrated]. “Clearly, minimum wages and working conditions are part of the story.” She added that “immigration will likely continue to form an important part of electoral politics around the world, especially in Europe and the US. Over subsequent decades, the OECD widened its membership to include countries from the Asia Pacific, Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe, reflecting its evolution from a transatlantic group to a broader community of advanced and emerging countries. In 2019, the OECD spearheaded a proposal to tax big multinational companies at least 15 percent to put an end to decades of tax competition between governments trying to attract foreign investment. The rules, which were adopted by the G20 in October 2021, have made it harder for large international companies, including giants like Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft and Apple, to avoid taxation by establishing offices in low-tax jurisdictions.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce8z8pv1e0ko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 30 minutes ago Share Save Catrin Nye BBC Panorama Share Save "That is so much higher than I expected" - watch the moment Catrin Nye is told about her forever chemical levels As I walked into the medical clinic for my blood test, all I could think about was how to avoid looking like a wimp on camera. I am not great with needles - but as part of a BBC Panorama investigation into so-called forever chemicals, I was being tested to see what level of them I had in my blood. "You will have passed on to your children for sure." I was worried, but I also felt angry about how this could have happened without me having any knowledge, and very little control. "Some PFAS have been linked to thyroid problems, some to kidney and liver cancer, and some have been shown to affect fertility." Stephanie Metzger: PFAS chemicals "don't break down" As for me, it is "unlikely" I will be able to bring my levels to zero, said Dr Donnai. "But you can reduce it over the next two or three years with a strategy." She suggested I increase my fibre intake - either by eating more oats, barley, beans, nuts and seeds, or by taking supplements of gel-forming fibre. Pam was eager to know how to reduce the possible household risks of PFAS to her baby - and Dr Amati has studied how babies and children can be affected by forever chemicals. "Making sure you ventilate the room by opening the windows every single day is a good idea [because] it really collects as house dust," she added Dr Federica Amati advises mum-to-be Pam Kavanagh about the possible risks posed by PFAS chemicals in the home Dr Amati then turned to children's clothing. We found PFAS in a children's coat we bought from the Mountain Warehouse website a few months ago, even though the site says that none of its children's products are made with forever chemicals. If fabrics containing PFAS come into "prolonged contact with human skin" there's the potential the chemicals can be absorbed across the skin, explained Prof Stuart Harrad at the University of Birmingham, who tested the coat for us. An innocent-looking strawberry could have PFAS exposure, I learned, because the chemicals can be added to pesticides "to help them stick better to the fruit, so when it rains it doesn't wash off", explained Prof David Megson of Manchester Metropolitan University.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj01q6p7ndlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Over 120,000 home cameras hacked for 'sexploitation' footage Internet Protocol or "home cams" are often installed for security purposes or to monitor the safety of children and pets A cheaper alternative to CCTV, IP cameras - otherwise known as home cameras - connect to a home internet network and are often installed for security or to monitor the safety of children and pets. Four people have been arrested in South Korea for allegedly hacking over 120,000 video cameras in homes and businesses and using the footage to make sexually exploitative materials for an overseas website. One of the suspects is accused of hacking 63,000 cameras and producing 545 sexually exploitative videos, which he then sold for 35 million won ($12,235; £9,250) worth of virtual assets. "Viewing and possessing illegally filmed videos are also serious crimes, so we will actively investigate them." Authorities have personally visited or notified victims at 58 locations, informing them of the incident and providing guidance on changing passwords. "Above all, it is crucial and effective for individual users who have installed IP cameras in homes or business premises to remain vigilant and immediately and regularly change their access passwords," the National Police Agency said in its statement.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpvd4exxlpzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Sir Andreas Whittam Smith, co-founder of the Independent, dies aged 88 In a tribute to the man who he described as "a radical and a pioneer", Rajan wrote that Sir Andreas had "profoundly transformed British journalism for the better, and forever." It was the first paper not to have a permanent allegiance to a political party - "a thrilling moment in the history of Fleet Street", according to the BBC's Amol Rajan, who served as editor of the paper starting in 2013. Sir Andreas told the BBC in 2002 how he had been described as an "urbane liberal" by the Daily Mail for this controversial move "and I was so pleased with the 'urbane'." "That's the only thing I can set against the wretched bishop image." He was made a Commander of the British Empire in 2002 and knighted in 2015 for his public service, "particularly to the Church of England".

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/police-comb-fire-ravaged-hong-kong-apartments-death-toll-at-146.html
Article: TOPSHOT - Firemen get ready after a major fire swept through several apartment blocks at the Wang Fuk Court residential estate in Hong Kong's Tai Po district on November 27, 2025. Hong Kong firefighters were scouring a still-burning apartment complex for hundreds of missing people on November 27, a day after the blaze tore through the high-rises, killing at least 44. (Photo by Dale DE LA REY / AFP via Getty Images) Hong Kong authorities pressed ahead on Monday with combing the remaining apartment towers destroyed by a massive fire at a housing estate that killed at least 146 people and displaced hundreds now adjusting to life in temporary housing. Police have completed sweeps of four of the seven towers that were engulfed in the city's deadliest fire in more than 75 years, finding bodies of residents in stairwells and on rooftops, trapped as they tried to flee the flames. Thousands have turned out to pay tribute to the victims, who include at least nine domestic helpers from Indonesia and one from the Philippines, with lines of mourners stretching more than a kilometre (a half-mile) along a canal next to the doomed Wang Fuk Court estate on Sunday. But amid pockets of public anger over missed fire risk warnings and evidence of unsafe construction practices, Beijing has warned it would crack down on any "anti-China" protests At least one person involved in a petition calling for an independent probe among other demands has been detained, sources familiar with the matter said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c62vk0p5dn5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Major waste firm warns vapes causing more than one fire a day Firefighters extinguish a fire caused by a vape on a lorry transporting waste on the Manchester ring road in May 2024 The Independent British Vape Trade Association (IBVTA) said the number of vapes sold had halved since the ban, but called for greater consumer education about disposing of them responsibly. Suez, which runs more than 300 waste management sites around the UK, said it had seen 339 fires this year, more than one a day, putting workers in danger and causing damage worth millions of pounds. The ban on disposable vapes came into force in the UK on 1 June, with the aim of curbing sales to children and reducing the number of devices being littered or incorrectly thrown away. Six months on "vapes are still an all-too-common sight dumped on the street, in bins and at recycling centres across the country", said Adam Read, chief sustainability and external affairs officer at Suez, which handles waste for 50 local councils. "The ban was an important first step, but the reality is it has proved to be a sticking-plaster solution to the mountain of vapes which end up in our rubbish every day." Vapes should not be put in general waste or recycling, but disposed of in specialised recycling bins which can be found in shops or recycling centres. In September, fellow waste firm Biffa warned despite the ban being in place for three months at the time, it was seeing more vapes being incorrectly thrown away, causing more fires, than ever before. Marcus Saxton, chair of the IBVTA said that according to figures from Nielsen IQ, 7.2m rechargeable and refillable devices were sold in October, compared to 16.2m single-use vapes per month sold last year before the ban. "We're working with Trading Standards and local authorities to enforce the ban and have made it compulsory for all vape retailers to provide recycling bins, with 10,500 takeback bins introduced in UK stores since April."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/floods-in-indonesia-sri-lanka-thailand-leave-close-to-1000-dead?traffic_source=rss
Article: Torrential rain has left Sri Lanka and parts of Indonesia’s Sumatra, southern Thailand and northern Malaysia under water Flooding and landslides have killed at least 954 people in Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Malaysia following tropical storms in recent days, with efforts under way to help thousands affected by the extreme weather. Sri Lanka seeks aid Meanwhile, in Sri Lanka, the government has called for international aid and is using military helicopters to reach people stranded by flooding and landslides triggered by Cyclone Ditwah. A helicopter pilot “tragically lost his life” while making an emergency landing “during a mission to support flood-affected communities in Lunuwila,” north of Colombo, Sri Lanka’s Air Force said in a post on Facebook on Monday. “Certainly, we will build a better nation than what existed before.” Death toll rises in southern Thailand Thai authorities on Monday said the death toll from ongoing flooding in the south of the country had risen to at least 176 people. Year of deadly floods across Asia This week’s floods and landslides are the latest extreme weather events to devastate Southeast Asian countries in recent weeks, including two typhoons that hit the Philippines within a week of each other last month, killing at least 242 people.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/pope-visit-christian-sites-lebanon-encourages-christians-abandon-127992830
Article: Pope to visit Christian sites in Lebanon as he encourages Christians not to abandon the region Pope Leo XIV’s visits holy sites in Lebanon on Monday that draw Christian and Muslims as he seeks to recognize the importance of the country's religious pluralism and also send a message to Christians not to abandon the region. He challenged Lebanon’s political leaders to be true peacemakers and put their differences aside as he sought to give Lebanon’s long-suffering people a message of hope and bolster a crucial Christian community in the Middle East. Since gaining independence from France in 1943, a power sharing agreement has been in place in which Lebanon's president is a Maronite, the parliament speaker is a Shiite Muslim and the prime minister is a Sunni Muslim. Here is the latest: Pope Leo XIV is opening his first full day in Lebanon with a visit to the tomb of a saint revered among Christians and Muslims throughout the region. History’s first American pope will meet with Catholic priests and nuns at a shrine in Harissa and then preside over an interfaith gathering with some of Lebanon’s Muslim leaders in Beirut.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/luigi-mangione-fights-exclude-gun-notes-anniversary-unitedhealthcare-127992355
Article: As the first anniversary of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson’s killing looms this week, the man charged in his death will be in court fighting to bar evidence that prosecutors say links him to the crime NEW YORK -- As the first anniversary of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson’s killing looms this week, the man charged in his death will be in court fighting to prevent prosecutors from using evidence they say links him to the crime. Luigi Mangione, 27, is set for hearings starting Monday on his bid to block the Manhattan District Attorney's Office from showing or telling jurors about items seized during his arrest at a yet-unscheduled state murder trial . In it, prosecutors say, Mangione mused about rebelling against “the deadly, greed fueled health insurance cartel” and said killing an industry executive “conveys a greedy bastard that had it coming.” Mangione has pleaded not guilty to state and federal murder charges. Mangione, the Ivy League-educated scion of a wealthy Maryland family, was arrested five days later at a McDonald’s in Altoona, Pennsylvania, about 230 miles (about 370 kilometers) west of Manhattan. His lawyers argue that was an excuse “designed to cover up an illegal warrantless search of the backpack.” Federal prosecutors, fighting similar claims in their case, have said in court filings that police were justified in searching the backpack to make sure there were no dangerous items.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/investigators-urge-witnesses-deadly-shooting-childs-party-california-127991862
Article: Authorities are urging witnesses of a deadly shooting at a child's birthday party in Stockton, California, to come forward as they continue to search for a suspect Investigators urge witnesses of the deadly shooting at a child's party in California to come forward STOCKTON, Calif. Three children ages 8, 9 and 14 and a 21-year-old were killed Saturday when gunfire broke out at a banquet hall in Stockton where at least 100 people were gathered, San Joaquin County Sheriff Patrick Withrow said. “This is a time for our community to show that we will not put up with this type of behavior, when people will just walk in and kill children,” Withrow said. If not, you just become complacent and think this is acceptable behavior.” Sheriff's spokesperson Heather Brent said earlier that investigators believe it was a “targeted incident." Officials did not elaborate on why authorities believe it was intentional or who might have been targeted. “Who would come and do that to some kids, you know?” Brown told The Associated Press following a vigil organized by faith leaders to honor the dead and pray for the wounded.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/brian-walshe-trial-death-wife-disappeared-2-years-127992312
Article: A Massachusetts man is set to go on trial in the death of his wife, Ana Walshe, who disappeared over two years ago Brian Walshe goes on trial in death of wife who disappeared more than 2 years ago Defense attorney Kelli Porges, right, introduces her client, murder defendant Brian Walshe, to prospective jurors in Norfolk Superior Court in Dedham, Mass., Tuesday, Nov. (Mark Stockwell/Boston Herald via AP, Pool) Defense attorney Kelli Porges, right, introduces her client, murder defendant Brian Walshe, to prospective jurors in Norfolk Superior Court in Dedham, Mass., Tuesday, Nov. -- A Massachusetts man goes on trial Monday in connection with the grisly murder of his wife, who disappeared more than two years ago and whose body has never been found. Her husband, Brian Walshe, faces a first-degree murder charge, after agreeing to plead guilty last month to lesser charges of misleading police and willfully conveying a human body in violation of state law. Prosecutors have said that starting on the day of Ana Walshe's disappearance and for several days after, Brian Walshe made multiple online searches for “dismemberment and best ways to dispose of a body,” “how long before a body starts to smell” and “hacksaw best tool to dismember.” When questioned by investigators, Walshe said his wife had been called to Washington, D.C., from Massachusetts on New Year’s Day for a work emergency. Investigators said surveillance video showed a man resembling Walshe throwing what appeared to be heavy trash bags into a dumpster not far from their home, and that a search of a trash processing facility near his mother’s home uncovered bags that contained a hatchet, hacksaw, towels and a protective Tyvek suit, cleaning agents, a Prada purse, boots like the ones Ana Walshe was last seen wearing and a COVID-19 vaccination card with her name. Read, who was found not guilty of charges in the death of her boyfriend, filed a lawsuit this month accusing members of the Massachusetts State Police and several others including Proctor of targeting her and shielding the real killers.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/missouri-launches-sports-betting-recent-scandals-shine-spotlight-127992555
Article: -- As Missouri launches sports betting Monday, people will be able to wager on how many points a particular athlete will score in a game — so long as it doesn't involve a Missouri college or university. The restriction on " proposition bets," though less sweeping than in some states, highlights an area of rising concern as legal sports betting spreads to its 39th state in a steady expansion since the Supreme Court cleared the way for it in 2018. Sports betting operators took in over $11 billion through the first three-quarters of this year, up more than 13% from the same span last year, according to the American Gaming Association, which represents the industry. Though national data is lacking about the prevalence of prop bets, they are “an increasingly popular way in which to provide for engagement for any type of fan,” said Joe Maloney, the association's senior vice president of strategic communications. During a roughly one-month period this summer, prop bets comprised more than half of all wagers made through one of the largest sports betting platforms, said Brad Humphreys, an economics professor and director of the Center for Gaming Research and Development at West Virginia University. Because prop bets “speed up the ability to make multiple bets,” they carry a higher risk of developing addictive behavior for some bettors, said Rachel Volberg, a research professor of epidemiology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst who has spent decades studying gambling. Missouri's restriction was included in a constitutional amendment authorizing sports betting that won narrow voter approval last year after a state-record $43 million campaign funded almost entirely by DraftKings and FanDuel, the two predominant sports betting sites. “We thought this was a good middle ground that had worked in other states and that would uphold the integrity of the games here,” said Jack Cardetti, a spokesperson for the Sports Betting Alliance, an industry group that supported Missouri’s amendment. A blanket ban on prop bets likely would drive people to illegal and unregulated sportsbooks, placing bettors at greater risk and making it harder to flag problems, the Sports Betting Alliance said. “That’s going to be a Band-Aid on a dam that’s breaking here,” said Nathan Novemsky, a professor of marketing and psychology at Yale University, "because folks will just make those bets on other teams.” The Missouri Gaming Commission has three employees focused on regulating sports betting and is looking to hire a fourth, said commission chair Jan Zimmerman. After the recent indictment of two Guardians pitchers, Major League Baseball announced an agreement with leading sportsbooks to cap bets on individual pitches at $200 and exclude them from parlays.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/select/shopping/best-cyber-monday-deals-sales-2025-rcna245873
Article: Cyber Monday sales are live across almost every retailer you can think of, so stop waiting to add that Dyson vacuum, PlayStation console, Medicube face mask or AirPods to your cart. Best Cyber Monday deals 4.7-star average rating from 46,446 reviews on Amazon I put these trackers in my bags, suitcases and wallet, as well as attach them to my keys, so I always know where my belongings are. 4.5-star average rating from 12,606 reviews on Amazon “My skin looks clearer and feels smoother since I started using these exfoliating toner pads,” says NBC Select editorial projects manager Rebecca Rodriguez. “You use the embossed side first to remove dead skin cells, then use the smooth side, which is so soothing on my skin.” The pads are made with 4.5% lactic acid (an AHA) and 0.45% salicylic acid (a BHA) to reduce the appearance of pores, refine skin texture and decrease greasiness, according to the brand. 4.8-star average rating from 84,077 reviews on Amazon It’s always a good idea to have extra batteries at home, but they’re especially useful around the holidays to power string lights, toys and remotes. 4.7-star average rating from 570,832 reviews on Amazon Once you connect devices like lamps, fans and coffee makers to Amazon’s smart plugs, you can control them remotely from the Alexa app or via voice commands. 4.8-star average rating from 122,477 reviews on Amazon LifeStraw’s personal water filter, which you use like a straw, is ideal for those who frequently hike or camp, and it’s a great addition to anyone’s emergency kit. It removes over 99% of bacteria, parasites and microplastics from water, and you can use it to filter 1,000 gallons before you need a new one, according to the brand. About six weeks later, you’ll get your results online, giving you information about your origins around the world and over 75 traits you may have a propensity for, like cilantro aversion and freckles. 4.5-star average rating from 21,919 reviews on Amazon This phone holder connects the tray on the back of an airplane seat, giving you a place to prop up your device while watching shows, scrolling through social media or reading. 4.5-star average rating from 12,485 reviews on Amazon According to NBC Select tech reporter Harry Rabinowitz, the Apple AirPods 4 are some of the best noise-cancelling earbuds for iPhone users. You can also fold it into a phone stand, as well as a compact disc that takes up very little space in your bag — for easy access, I slip it into an outside pocket of my backpack or suitcase. 4.6-star average rating from 96,407 reviews on Amazon Cosrx’s essence is made with 96% snail mucin, an ingredient that brightens, plumps and hydrates skin, as well as reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, according to the brand. Best Cyber Monday tech deals 4.6-star average rating from 67,587 reviews on Amazon Once you plug Amazon’s Fire Stick into your TV’s HDMI port, you can stream movies, shows and music from your favorite platforms in 4K Ultra HD. 4.6-star average rating from 400 reviews on Amazon The Birdie is one of our favorite personal safety keychains, and you can hook it to a bag with the included carabiner. 4.2-star average rating from 3,912 reviews on Amazon I swapped my phone’s blaring alarm for the Hatch Restore’s pleasant wake-up call years ago, and I use the device as a noise machine every night, too. The screen is also glare-free, which NBC Select senior editor Lindsay Schneider says is a game-changer, and a full battery gives you about 12 weeks of use, according to the brand — “I rarely ever charge it,” says Schneider. 4.7-star average rating from 5,438 reviews on Amazon I rely on the TheraGun Mini to relieve sore muscles pre- and post-workout, as well as to minimize tension in my back and shoulders after hunching over the computer. The massage gun connects to the Therabody app via Bluetooth, letting you use pre-programmed routines, and it offers about 180 minutes of battery life when fully charged, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 13,734 reviews on Amazon Marshall’s portable Bluetooth speaker gives you a surround-sound experience with rich, clear audio, and you get up to 30 hours of playtime on a single charge, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 17,277 reviews on Amazon I have Aura’s digital picture frame displayed in my living room, and I love watching it flip through my favorite memories — my guests often compliment it, too, so I’ve gifted it to a few loved ones. Best Cyber Monday beauty and wellness deals 4.3-star average rating from 104,217 reviews on Amazon Color Wow’s Dream Coat spray helps hair repel moisture and humidity to prevent frizz, and it makes hair look glossy and smooth. “I’ve been using the spray for over two years and I don’t remember what it was like to blow dry my hair without it,” says associate commerce social editor Caitlin Cusack. “It makes a noticeable difference in my frizz and leaves my hair feeling soft for days between washes.” The brand recommends reapplying it every three to four shampoos, and there’s also a version for curly hair that I swear by. It’s also a heat protectant up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit, according to the brand, and I use it to break the cast on my curls when I style them with gel. 4.2-star average rating from 72,720 reviews on Amazon This cordless water flosser, which earned the American Dental Association’s Seal of Acceptance, is an effective alternative to string floss that helps remove gunk between your teeth. It comes with four interchangeable tips that rotate 360 degrees to reach all areas of your mouth, and it has three pressure settings, plus a 7-ounce removable reservoir that holds enough water for 45 seconds of use. 4.2-star average rating from 4,210 reviews on Amazon Upgrade your electric toothbrush with this rechargeable option from Philips, which has a built-in 2-minute timer and vibrates to scrub your teeth. “They feel soothing and hydrating the instant I put them on, and leave my skin glowy the next morning.” The sheet masks come individually wrapped in a pack of four and are soaked in a serum made from ingredients like niacinamide, collagen peptides and hyaluronic acid. 4.6-star average rating from 5,831 reviews on Amazon Kiehl’s Ultra Facial Cream is one of my go-to daily moisturizers because it’s gentle on my sensitive skin, never makes me break out and hydrates even the driest, flakiest patches. 4.4-star average rating from 15,264 reviews on Amazon “I wasn’t entirely convinced that a shower oil would leave me feeling clean, but this one from L’Occitane is now one of my bathroom essentials,” says Rodriguez. Its filter removes chlorine, heavy metals and other contaminants from water, and it comes with all the materials and instructions you need for installation (which takes less than 10 minutes). 4.1-star average rating from 19,138 reviews on Amazon Reduce how much noise you’re exposed to at concerts, in cities or while using public transportation by wearing Loop’s Quiet 2 Ear Plugs. 4.2-star average rating from 352 reviews on Amazon These eye patches are soaked in a serum made with ingredients like vitamin C, vitamin E, ferulic acid and caffeine to brighten the under-eye area, make skin appear firmer and reduce puffiness, according to the brand. Best Cyber Monday home deals 4.4-star average rating from 119,462 reviews on Amazon Shark’s upright vacuum cleans up messes on carpets and bare floors, and it’s equipped with a HEPA filter to trap dust and allergens. 4.4-star average rating from 89,802 reviews on Amazon I’ve used this spot cleaner to get coffee, red wine, pet accidents and mud out of light-colored carpets and fabric furniture, so it’s a miracle worker in my book. Best Cyber Monday kitchen deals 4.2-star average rating from 115,869 reviews on Amazon When you put this kitchen gadget on top of an aluminum can and press the start button, it automatically rotates around the lid to cut it off. 4.4-star average rating from 41,675 reviews on Amazon This single-serve machine lets you brew 8-, 10- or 12-ounce cups of coffee using its large 42-ounce removable water reservoir, so you can make a few cups before refilling it. 4.6-star average rating from 3,048 reviews on Amazon You can put 20 ounces of coffee in this insulated, stainless steel tumbler, which keeps your beverages hot for up to 6 hours or cold for up to 24 hours, according to the brand. It’s the perfect kettle to use for a traditional Argentinian tea called mate, which I drink every day.” The electric kettle, which has a 0.9-liter capacity, also lets you schedule boils in advance, and it automatically shuts off after a period of non-use. The blades are incredibly sharp, and it’s easy to clean and store — it even comes with a little brush so I can scrub each part without risking my fingers.” You get four interchangeable blades with Fullstar’s chopper: fine dicer, medium dicer, ribbon blade and spiral blade. Best Cyber Monday travel deals 4.3-star average rating from 8,551 reviews on Amazon No matter how much I beat up my Samsonite luggage, it still works perfectly and looks pristine. 4.9-star average rating from 6,329 reviews at Calpak “This duffel is the ideal size for a quick weekend trip, and the padded material it’s made from makes it comfortable to carry on your shoulder,” says Rodriguez. “The front pocket is perfect for my 15-inch Macbook, and it has a separate compartment for a pair of shoes so they don’t touch your clothes.” In addition to the shoe compartment, Calpak’s Luka Duffel, which fits under airplane seats, has a roomy main compartment and nine pockets to help you organize essentials. 4.9-star average rating from 3,538 reviews at Dagne Dover I store my makeup and skin care in this toiletry bag while traveling, and it fits an impressive number of products inside. Best Cyber Monday fitness deals 4.0-star average rating from 1,911 reviews at Alo Alo’s Warrior Mat is the complete package in my book, and I’ve relied on it during hot yoga, HIIT and pilates classes for years. It’s oversized, giving me ample room to work out, and on the heavier side, which is one of my favorite parts about it — the Warrior Mat never moves around while I’m jumping or running in place. Best Cyber Monday sales overall Best Cyber Monday streaming service sales HBO Max: Get the Basic with Ads plan for $2.99 per month for a year (70% off) through Dec. 2 Starz: $2.99 per month for three months (73% off) when you sign up for a monthly plan Best Cyber Monday tech sales Tile: Up to 50% off Tile trackers sitewide through Dec. 1 Panasonic: Up to 32% off tech sitewide Best Cyber Monday beauty sales Best Cyber Monday home sales Best Cyber Monday kitchen sales Best Cyber Monday clothing, footwear and accessory sales Best Cyber Monday wellness and fitness sales Bala: Up to 30% off sitewide Pvolve: 20% off sitewide wide code BF20 through Dec. 8 HigherDose: 20% off sitewide with code BFCM2025 and 30% off bundles Larq: Up to 30% off sitewide Flaus: 25% off sitewide and up to 40% off bundles through Dec. 29 Peloton: Up to $,550 off exercise equipment and get a discounted Peloton membership Best Cyber Monday kids and baby sales Willow: Up to 50% off sitewide Elvie: Up to 50% off sitewide Lovevery: Up to 25% off sitewide through Dec. 1 Little Sleepies: Up to 30% off sitewide with code COMFY Baby Brezza: Up to 30% off sitewide, plus free shipping and returns Primary: 40% off sitewide Newton Baby: Up to 25% off sitewide through Dec. 1 Magnetic Me: Up to 40% off sale items Best Cyber Monday travel sales Away: 25% off sitewide, plus an extra 10% off when you spend $750 Samsonite: Up to 40% off sitewide Calpak: Up to 60% off select items and 20% off sitewide through Dec. 9, plus an extra 10% off full-price items with code THANKS10 through Dec 3 How I found the best Cyber Monday deals All of my recommendations above are based on NBC Select’s previous coverage and reporting, including products the NBC Select staff tested firsthand. I also wrote about every deal in this article and worked with NBC Select editors to finalize the live list, which I’m frequently updating throughout Cyber Monday to reflect the most up-to-date prices.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/flooding-recovery-efforts-underway-indonesia-sri-lanka-thailand-127992740
Article: Indonesia’s president told survivors of last week’s devastating floods that help was arriving to those in need PADANG SIDEMPUAN, Indonesia -- Indonesia’s president told survivors of last week’s devastating floods that help was arriving to those in need Monday as Asian governments scaled up their responses to a disaster that has left more than 1,000 dead in three countries. Hundreds more are missing following flooding and landslides in the past week, which killed at least 502 people in Indonesia, 334 in Sri Lanka and 170 in Thailand, authorities said. Indonesia President Prabowo Subianto pledged to rebuild infrastructure while visiting areas impacted by floods and landslides on Sumatra island that left thousands homeless and 508 people missing as of Monday. “Local governments must take a significant role in safeguarding the environment and preparing for the extreme weather conditions that will arise from future climate change.” Sri Lanka authorities said Monday that rescuers are still searching for 370 missing people. Nearly 148,000 people are housed in temporary shelters after being battered in the past week downpours that flooded homes, fields and roads and triggered landslides, primarily in the tea-growing central hill country. In Thailand, Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul on Saturday outlined recovery and compensation plans for the southern part of the country, where the Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation said severe flooding in 12 southern provinces affected more than 1.4 million households and 3.8 million people.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pope-leo-xivs-visit-highlights-christian-resilience-lebanon-127992461
Article: Pope Leo XIV's visit to Lebanon highlights the country's religious pluralism and sends a message to Christians not to abandon the region Worshippers visit Our Lady of Lebanon shrine in Harissa, north of Beirut, Lebanon, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Hassan Ammar) BEIRUT -- Over the past few decades, hundreds of thousands of Christians have left parts of the Middle East for good, driven by wars and the rise of Muslim extremists. Many Christians in Syria have been concerned about the direction of the country's new government under interim President Ahmad al-Sharaa, former leader of the Islamist insurgent group Hayat Tahrir al-Sham. “More than half the advantage comes from Lebanon’s political system when it comes to Christians,” said Catholic priest Monsignor Abdo Abou Kassm who is the director of the Catholic Center for Information. “You can live freely with dignity in Lebanon.” Synthia Khoury, 25, a business graduate from Syria who joined a delegation heading to Lebanon to see the Pope, said that after the takeover of power in her country by an Islamist-led government last year, Christians in the war-torn country were worried that they would not be able to practice their religious freely, although so far this has not turned out to be the case. “We know that the conditions of Christians in Lebanon are somewhat better than ours, but we also know that they passed through many wars,” Khoury said adding that despite the hardships Lebanese Christians had faced, “they did not leave and stayed in their country and preserved their customs and traditions, and this is beautiful.” Deeply rooted since the early days of the faith, Christians in present-day Lebanon have survived wars and genocide over the past two millennia. Today, Christians make up around a third of Lebanon’s 5 million people, giving the small nation on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean the largest percentage of Christians in the Middle East. Christians have a presence in most parts of Lebanon, from the south in villages bordering Israel to areas along Syria’s border in the north and east as well as the coast. Since Lebanon gained independence from France in 1943, a power sharing agreement has been in place in which the president is a Maronite, the parliament speaker is a Shiite Muslim and the prime minister is a Sunni Muslim. “People can practice religion wherever they are, but the Lebanese identity is something that is sacred for us too,” says Christian legislator Camille Dory Chamoun, who heads the National Liberal Party. The command of two of the country’s four security agencies are also given to Christians, with a Maronite general heading the Army Intelligence while a Greek Orthodox heads State Security. Toward the end of the 1975-90 civil war in Lebanon that largely pitted Christians against Muslims, an agreement to end the war was reached in the Saudi city of Taif. Many Christians in Lebanon, including the head of the Maronite Church, Cardinal Bechara Rai, have called for Lebanon to be a neutral state, rather than an arena where regional and world powers settle their accounts.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/bangladeshs-leader-hasina-niece-british-lawmaker-tulip-siddiq-127992649
Article: A court in Bangladesh’s capital sentenced ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to five years in prison and her niece, British Labour Party lawmaker Tulip Siddiq, to two years for corruption involving a government land project FILE - Tulip Siddiq, left, stands beside Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on Jan. (AP Photo/Mikhail Metzel, Pool, File) DHAKA, Bangladesh -- A court in Bangladesh’s capital sentenced ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina to five years in prison and her niece, British Labour Party lawmaker Tulip Siddiq, to two years in prison Monday for corruption involving a government land project. Rabiul Alam, the judge of Dhaka’s Special Judge’s Court, said Hasina misused her power as prime minister while Siddiq was guilty of corruptly influencing her aunt in helping her mother and two siblings get a land plot in a government project. Siddiq, who represents London's Hampstead and Highgate areas in Britain's Parliament, had earlier denied the allegations and said the trial was a farce built on “fabricated accusations and driven by a clear political vendetta.” In January, Siddiq resigned as a government minister in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Keir Starmer under pressure because of her ties to her aunt. Siddiq had said she had been cleared of wrongdoing but was quitting as economic secretary to the Treasury because the issue was becoming “a distraction from the work of the government.” Hasina was sentenced to death in November for crimes against humanity involving the crackdown on the mass uprising that ended her 15-year rule last year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/trumps-pardon-promise-offers-life-honduras-imprisoned-president-127983686
Article: ally in the war on drugs, is on the verge of being pardoned by President Donald Trump FILE - Former Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez, second from right, is taken in handcuffs to a waiting aircraft as he is extradited to the United States, at an Air Force base in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, April 21, 2022. (AP Photo/Elmer Martinez, File) FILE - Former Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez, second from right, is taken in handcuffs to a waiting aircraft as he is extradited to the United States, at an Air Force base in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, April 21, 2022. ally in the war on drugs to a poster child for presidential corruption in Central America, is on the verge of becoming once again a friend of the United States with President Donald Trump’s intention to pardon him. prosecutor said Hernández had even boasted at a meeting with drug dealers that “together they were going to shove the drugs right up the noses of the gringos.” But Trump criticized Hernández’s prosecution, a wide-ranging case that also enveloped his brother during Trump’s first term, saying Friday that people he respects told him Hernández was “treated very harshly and unfairly.” On Sunday, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine, D-Va., ranking member on the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere and a Hernández critic while he was still president, called Trump’s decision to pardon Hernández “shocking.” “He was the leader of one of the largest criminal enterprises that has ever been subject to a conviction in U.S. courts, and less than one year into his sentence, President Trump is pardoning him, suggesting that President Trump cares nothing about narcotrafficking,” Kaine said on CBS’ ‘Face the Nation.’ The latest reversal of Hernández’s fortunes rivaled only his fall in early 2022 from recently former president to shackled prisoner bound for a U.S. Two years later, he was sentenced to 45 years in prison in a New York federal courtroom for taking bribes from drug traffickers so they could safely move some 400 tons of cocaine north through Honduras to the United States. But prosecutors said Hernández had used Honduras’ military and police to shepherd drug shipments through the country, earning him millions of dollars that fueled his political rise from rural congressman to the presidency. They said Hernández was an enthusiastic protector of some of the world’s most powerful cocaine dealers, including notorious Mexican drug lord Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán, who is serving a life prison term in the U.S. Honduras was described as a narco-state and a prosecutor on the brother’s case characterized it as “state-sponsored drug trafficking.” Castel described the number of killings linked to the drug trade during Hernández’s political career as “staggering,” saying one drug trafficking witness admitted at the trial that he aided 56 killings and another said he was involved in 78 murders before he began cooperating with U.S. García thanked Trump, saying that Trump had corrected an injustice, maintaining that Hernández’s prosecution was a coordinated plot by drug traffickers and the “radical left” to seek revenge against the former president.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sydney-men-charged-spreading-child-sexual-abuse-videos-127992650
Article: Police have charged four men in Sydney with criminal offenses over their alleged involvement in the distribution of child sexual abuse material linked to an international child sex abuse ring MELBOURNE, Australia -- Four Sydney men have been charged with criminal offenses over their alleged involvement in the distribution of child sexual abuse material linked to an international child sex abuse ring, police said Monday. “Police will allege in court that this international group were engaging in conversations and the sharing of material which depicted child abuse and the torture of children involving symbols and rituals linked to Satanism and the occult,” Doherty said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/princess-aikos-popularity-sparks-calls-change-japans-male-127989198
Article: In this photo provided by the Imperial Household Agency of Japan, Princess Aiko, the daughter of Japan's Emperor Naruhito and Empress Masako, poses for a photo at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo, Friday, Nov. (Imperial Household Agency of Japan via AP) In this photo provided by the Imperial Household Agency of Japan, Princess Aiko, the daughter of Japan's Emperor Naruhito and Empress Masako, poses for a photo at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo, Friday, Nov. “I have always been rooting for Princess Aiko to be crowned," said Setsuko Matsuo, an 82-year-old atomic bombing survivor who came to Nagasaki's peace park hours before Aiko and her parents' scheduled arrival in the area. Mari Maehira, a 58-year-old office worker who waited to cheer Aiko in Nagasaki, said she has seen Aiko grow up and “now we want to see her become a future monarch.” The princess’ popularity has triggered some to pressure legislators to change the law. Cartoonist Yoshinori Kobayashi has written comic books that push for a legal change to allow Aiko to become monarch, which supporters keep sending to parliamentarians to raise awareness and get their backing for the cause. Akishino acknowledged the aging and shrinking royal population, "but nothing can be done under the current system.” “I think all we can do right now is to scale back our official duties," he told reporters ahead of his 60th birthday Sunday. “Under the circumstances, I hope to sincerely serve every official duty and help the emperor and the empress, as well as other members of the Imperial Family.” The shortage of male successors is a serious worry for the monarchy, which some historians say has lasted for 1,500 years. If anyone does, she would endure enormous pressure to produce a male heir while performing official duties at a superhuman capacity." Hisahito must carry the burden and the Imperial Family’s fate by himself, former Imperial Household Agency chief Shingo Haketa said in a Yomiuri newspaper article this year. “The fundamental question is not whether to allow a male or female succession line but how to save the monarchy.” Japan traditionally had male emperors, but there have also been eight female monarchs. In 2022, a largely conservative expert panel called on the government to maintain its male-line succession while allowing female members of the family to keep their royal status after marriage and continue their official duties.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thailand-extradites-vietnamese-activist-despite-concerns-rights-groups-127992848
Article: Thai authorities have extradited a Vietnamese activist who had been detained in Bangkok since last year despite concerns from rights groups that he could be in danger if sent back to Vietnam BANGKOK -- Thai authorities extradited a Vietnamese activist who had been detained in Bangkok since last year despite concerns from rights groups that he could be in danger if sent back to Vietnam. Y Quynh Bdap, who helped found a group that advocated for the rights of Vietnamese ethnic minorities, was handed over to Vietnamese authorities on Friday and his whereabouts are now unknown, his lawyer Nadthasiri Bergman told The Associated Press on Monday. The Department of Corrections said Friday that it had transferred Bdap from a Bangkok prison to the police after the Court of Appeal upheld a lower court's order to extradite him to Vietnam in 2024. Vietnam has long faced criticism from rights groups for its treatment of the Montagnard minority, a term broadly used to refer to several predominantly Christian ethnic groups living in the central highlands of Vietnam and neighboring Cambodia. The activist was accused of organizing anti-government riots in Vietnam’s central highland province of Dak Lak in 2023, in which nine people were killed, including four police officers and two government officials. “My activities are peaceful, consisting only of collecting and writing reports on human rights violations in Vietnam.” Bdap went into hiding in Thailand after he was alerted that Vietnamese authorities were making inquires about him, but was detained in Bangkok in June 2024, according to his lawyer. Human Rights Watch has criticized Thailand for deporting dissidents to uncertain fates in Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos and China, a practice it describes as a form of transnational repression in return for which other countries send back dissidents wanted by Thailand. Transnational repression has become a stain on Thailand’s human rights record, especially as a current member of the United Nations Human Rights Council,” said Sunai Phasuk, Asia advisor for Human Rights Watch.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/donations-hong-kong-fire-victims-reach-115-million-127992939
Article: Donations to victims of a devastating fire in Hong Kong have reached about $115 million after the blaze that began Wednesday claimed at least 146 lives and left thousands homeless By CHAN HO-HIM Associated Press and DAVID RISING Associated Press People offer flowers for the victims near the site of a deadly Wednesday fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) People offer flowers for the victims near the site of a deadly Wednesday fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) HONG KONG -- Donations for victims of a Hong Kong fire that killed at least 146 people and left thousands homeless reached 900 million Hong Kong dollars (US$115 million), authorities said Monday, in a massive outpouring of sympathy and support. The millions of donated funds, and 300 million Hong Kong dollars ($38.5 million) in start-up capital from the government, will be used to help victims rebuild their homes and provide long--term support, local officials said. It confirmed officials had carried out 16 inspections of the renovation project since July 2024 and had warned contractors multiple times in writing that they had to meet fire safety requirements. "People are angry and think that the HK (Hong Kong) government should be accountable,” said Jean-Pierre Cabestan, a locally-based political scientist and senior research fellow at the Paris-based Asia Centre think tank. But the leeway for dissent is limited in the former British colony, which came under Chinese control in 1997 and increasingly has moved to quiet public criticism on national security grounds. On Saturday, the Office for Safeguarding National Security hit out with a harshly-worded statement about what it called “evil schemes” that had ”the ulterior motives of using the disaster to create trouble and disrupt Hong Kong.” It did not give specifics. Hong Kong police would not comment specifically on the arrests, telling The Associated Press only that “police will take actions according to actual circumstances and in accordance with the law.” Authorities have effectively quashed dissent in the city since hundreds of thousands took to the streets in 2019 against government plans to allow extradition to mainland China, and have virtually banned mass protests as well as opposition political figures from running in legislature elections.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/new-fda-approved-glasses-slow-nearsightedness-kids-127991886
Article: A new type of lens approved by the FDA promises to slow nearsightedness in children In this photo provided by EssilorLuxottica in October 2025, refractions caused by lenslets embedded in the company's Stellest eyeglass lens are projected onto a table. (Luxottica via AP) WASHINGTON -- For many children, the experience of getting their first pair of glasses is an inevitable milestone, the first in a lifetime of visits to the eye doctor. “'It will be lifelong and it will likely get worse over the next few years.’” The specialized glasses, sold under the brand Essilor Stellest, are approved by the FDA to slow nearsightedness in 6- to 12-year-olds. The new lenses use 11 concentric rings filled with tiny raised dots to refocus light onto the retina in a way that is believed to slow elongation of the eye. “Whether this hypothesis is ultimately proven to be true, of course, matters only in part,” Repka said, noting that the lenses appear to work regardless of how the underling science works. “I think before it becomes widely used, we will need some data in the United States" showing that the lenses work, said Repka, who is conducting a U.S.-based study of the new lenses supported by the National Institutes of Health.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/conservatives-ahead-governing-party-honduras-presidential-vote-early-127991984
Article: With votes from about 41% of polling places counted in Honduras, preliminary and partial results showed conservative candidates Nasry Asfura and Salvador Nasralla and leading the presidential contest Sunday and the governing party trailing Nasry Asfura, presidential candidate for the National Party, shows his inked finger afterv voting in general elections in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo) TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras -- With votes from about 43% of polling places counted early Monday in Honduras' presidential contest, preliminary and partial results showed two conservative challengers leading the race. The National Electoral Council said that Nasry “Tito” Asfura of the National Party had 40.54% of votes in early counting, while Salvador Nasralla, of the conservative Liberal Party, had about 38.99%. Some voters echoed Trump’s warnings that Moncada could lead Honduras to become another Venezuela, because Castro has maintained a cordial relationship with Venezuela President Nicolás Maduro, while simultaneously working with the Trump administration on security and immigration issues. The final stages of the presidential campaign were dominated by the three leading candidates trading accusations of election fixing, leading Honduran and international observers to warn that they could be undermining the process’ credibility. Moncada, current President Castro’s handpicked successor, said in the days leading up to the election that she would not accept the preliminary tallies because she believed there was a plot to manipulate them. The homicide and unemployment rates have both improved during the past four years under Castro even as the International Monetary Fund applauded her administration’s fiscal responsibility, but Honduras still has Central America’s highest homicide rate and Hondurans complain about a lack of job opportunities.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/stream-george-clooney-tom-cruise-zac-brown-band-127991954
Article: George Clooney playing a dashing movie star with nagging midlife regrets in “Jay Kelly” and Zac Brown Band returning with fresh tunes are some of the new television, films, music and games headed to a device near you This combination of images shows promotional art for the series "Spartacus: House of Ashur," left, the film "Oh. Fun.," center, and the series "The Abandons." (Starz/Prime/Netflix via AP) George Clooney playing a dashing movie star with nagging midlife regrets in “Jay Kelly” and Zac Brown Band returning with fresh tunes are some of the new television, films, music and games headed to a device near you. Also among the streaming offerings worth your time this week, as selected by The Associated Press’ entertainment journalists: The latest “Mission: Impossible” film, “The Final Reckoning,” begins streaming on Paramount+, Netflix has the American Western series “The Abandons” with women at the center of its story, and Nintendo’s Samus Aran returns with Metroid Prime 4: Beyond. In his review, the AP’s Mark Kennedy wrote that “reality and fiction beautifully weave in and out in Baumbach’s love letter to Hollywood.” — The latest “Mission: Impossible” film, “The Final Reckoning,” begins streaming on Paramount+ on Thursday. The Tom Cruise adventure, directed by Christopher McQuarrie, concludes the chapter begun with 2023’s “Dead Reckoning Part One.” Whether dead or final, a reckoning may be in order for the eight-film Ethan Hunt franchise. In her review, AP Film Writer Lindsey Bahr wrote: “In a series that has often been best when it’s not taking itself too seriously, dour developments start to feel a little unintentionally silly.” — The Christmas movies cometh. Some of the singles out so far include the Jimmy Buffett-like “I Ain’t Worried About It,” the weed-friendly “Let It Run” with Snoop Dogg, the sweet ballad “Butterfly” with Dolly Parton” and the anthemic party banger “Give It Away.” Perhaps the best of the bunch is “Hard Run” featuring Marcus King, starting quietly with a twang, building to harmonies and some funk, adding a touch of Broadway and then some fiery guitar work. — If you adored Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds last album “Wild God,” here's some good news: The alternative rock legend and his formidable band is releasing “Live God,” which includes live versions from the album, as well as catalog favorites such as “From Her to Eternity,” “Papa Won’t Leave You, Henry” and “Into My Arms.” And if you just can't get enough of Nick Cave, there's more: The Royal Danish Library has put its “Stranger Than Kindness: The Nick Cave Exhibition” online, allowing fans to explore 300 objects collected or created by Cave during his career. Tarabay reprises his role as Ashur from “Spartacus: Blood and Sand” and “Spartacus: Vengeance” which explores what may have happened if the character had survived the events of “Vengeance,” instead of being killed.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce8qv9319zlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Virgin Media fined £24m for leaving vulnerable customers 'at risk of harm' 9 minutes ago Share Save Archie Mitchell Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Virgin Media has been fined £23.8m for leaving thousands of customers without access to lifesaving telecare alarms during the digital switchover. Communications watchdog Ofcom fined the telecoms giant after ruling it failed to protect vulnerable users of the devices, typically elderly and disabled people, during the transition from analogue to digital. Ofcom said the £23.8m penalty reflected the vulnerability of the customers affected, the significant length of time they were left at risk, the seriousness of the breach and the seriousness of the potential harm caused.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckgkvdv8peno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'I shouldn't have to co-parent with my rapist ex' 3 hours ago Share Save Shannen Headley West Midlands Share Save Getty Images Becky said the family court system "prolonged" the abuse after her ex-husband was convicted of her rape (generic image) After years trapped in an abusive marriage, Becky - not her real name - thought her horrific ordeal might start to be over the day she watched her ex-husband jailed for raping her twice. A legal principle, introduced into the 1989 Children Act in 2014, means judges must assume that the involvement of both parents in child contact cases are in the child's best interest. Getty Images Becky said the impact of the family court proceedings was "immense" on her and her children She is now involved in a campaign to help get the law changed. The parental responsibility should be taken away automatically." If you are affected by any of the issues raised in this article, help and support is available via BBC Action Line. She reported the attacks when they happened, in 2019, but he was not charged until 2022 and due to nationwide delays in the UK's court system, it was another two years before he was convicted and handed a custodial sentence. "When you're going through the stress and trauma of the investigation, what he did to me and the intrusiveness of a trial - to have to go through family court as well is so difficult," Becky said. "Having to see and hear him again via video link wasn't fair for me to have to do as a victim." Getty Images The Ministry of Justice announced plans to repeal the presumption of parental involvement in October The impact of the family court proceedings on her and the children was "immense", she said. "They are victims as well - they were impacted by his behaviour directly and indirectly." After his conviction, the family court judge ruled that the couple's children would be able to visit their dad in prison after he began his sentence. "It ruled my life when the trial should have been the end of it - the guilty verdict should have been the end of it." A change in the law A government Harm Panel report, published in June 2020, found that allowing child contact in cases of domestic abuse could be "entirely inappropriate". Five years on, the Ministry of Justice's plan to repeal the presumption means courts would make decisions based on the consideration of a child's safety and welfare - without a default assumption. Another exception to the rule is Jade's Law - which was brought into place by Parliament in 2024 after two grandparents were forced to co-parent with their daughter's partner, who killed her. MP Natalie Fleet was successful in her campaign to restrict convicted abusers of parental responsibility for a child conceived by rape The "pro-contact culture" within the family court system has been criticised widely by domestic abuse charities. There's so much further work that needs to be done to ensure convicted parents do not get automatic rights to have contact with children in family court cases." 'Don't give up' Becky said the next step for her was to try and move on with her life and help her children recover from the pain they have endured.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crl9x229e8zo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Royal curtains recycled into Christmas stockings 3 hours ago Share Save Zoe Applegate Norfolk Share Save PA Media Sewing bee member Andrea Middlemiss said it had been an "honour" to work on the fabric from the Royal Family's private home at Sandringham Curtains that once graced the windows of a royal retreat have been turned into Christmas stockings to be auctioned for charity. Sarah McClymont, 31, lead tutor with the bee, said: "Being given the opportunity to work with such historically significant fabric was a real honour for them and they are so proud of how the stockings turned out." PA Media Each stocking has taken six hours to craft One stocking will be given to King Charles III as a Christmas present, while the other 24 will be auctioned for the charity. PA Media Andrea Middlemiss and Christine Wilson said they did not know how to sew before joining the group Members of the group spent six hours crafting each stocking, using hand embroidery, piping and seam-matching skills.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/after-us-ukraine-meeting-florida-focus-shifts-putin/story?id=127993030
Article: KHARKIV, Ukraine and LONDON -- President Donald Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff is due to travel to Moscow on Monday to present a peace plan proposal to Russian President Vladimir Putin in what is expected to be a crucial test for the Trump administration's efforts to end the war in Ukraine. Witkoff is travelling to Putin a day after taking part in talks with a high-level Ukrainian delegation in Florida, aimed at trying to find a deal to end the war that Ukraine and Russia might accept. The Russian leader has already signalled he will not compromise, last week making hardline remarks where he repeated his demands that Ukraine withdraw from territory he claims and saying it is "pointless" to negotiate with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Eva Marie Uzcategui/Reuters Zelenskyy on Sunday said his emissaries in Florida had reported back the "main parameters" of what had been discussed, along with "some preliminary results." But the full details were still to be relayed, he said. Secretary of State Marco Rubio said on Sunday after taking part in the talks with Ukraine the next steps in the negotiations were "delicate," adding that "it’s complicated, there are a lot of moving parts." There was "another party involved here that’ll have to be a part of the equation -- and that’ll continue later this week when Mr. Alexander Nemenov/POOL/AFP via Getty Images Officials from Ukraine and the United States both said the about 2-hour meeting at Shell Bay Golf Course in Hallandale Beach were productive, but neither side released details about what agreements were made and there is no indication a breakthrough was made on the most difficult issues that would allow an end to the war. A source familiar with the talks said they had discussed security guarantees for Ukraine, as well as including the fate of billions of dollars of Russian assets frozen by Western countries and possible elections in Ukraine. Rubio said the talks had been "a very productive and useful session where additional progress was made." "I think there is a shared vision here that this is not just about ending the war, which is very important; it is about securing Ukraine’s future, a future that we hope will be more prosperous than it’s ever been," he told reporters after emerging from the talks with Rustem Umerov, the secretary of Ukraine’s National Security and Defense Council, who had been the lead negotiator from Kyiv.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/trump-backed-candidate-leads-honduras-presidential-vote-early-trends-show?traffic_source=rss
Article: Preliminary results on Monday showed that the National Party candidate had secured 41 percent of the ballots so far, putting him marginally ahead of his Liberal Party rival, Salvador Nasralla, who had about 39 percent. Recommended Stories list of 1 item list 1 of 1 ‘Real uncertainty’: What to know about Honduras’ presidential election end of list Left-wing candidate Rixi Moncada, of the ruling Liberty and Refoundation (LIBRE) party, was trailing in third place with 20 percent. The vote on Sunday came several days after Trump brazenly intervened in Honduran politics, throwing his weight behind Asfura, the 67-year-old former mayor of Tegucigalpa, whom the US president said would fight “narco-communists”. Fanning flames In the build-up to the election, the three main candidates accused each other of election fixing, with the president of the National Electoral Council, Ana Paola Hall, warning all parties “not to fan the flames of confrontation or violence”.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4g4enlp6kzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Death toll in Indonesia floods passes 500 Indonesia is just one part of Asia which has been hit with torrential rain and storms in recent days, with Thailand, Malaysia, and Sri Lanka all also reporting deaths. The floods, which were caused by a rare cyclone that had formed over the Malacca Strait, have hit three provinces and impacted some 1.4 million people, according to the government's disaster agency. At West Sumatra's Twin Bridges, where floodwaters swept through and deposited enormous amounts of mud and debris, Mariana watched as excavators cleared the roads, hoping they would find her missing family members including her 15-year-old son. My mother, my brother-in-law… Looking at how it is here, maybe their faces won't even be recognisable any more." Many are still waiting for food aid, with some saying they have not eaten for two to three days. In Central Aceh where local authorities have provided Starlink devices, thousands were seen queuing outside the regency's office on Sunday night hoping to contact their loved ones or charge their mobile phones. On Monday, President Prabowo Subianto - who was visiting some of the flood affected areas in North Sumatra - acknowledged some roads were still cut off, but added "we're doing everything we can to overcome difficulties".

Link: https://abc7.com/post/luigi-mangione-fights-exclude-evidence-anniversary-unitedhealthcare-ceo-brian-thompsons-murder-nears/18232927/
Article: Luigi Mangione in court to fight to exclude gun, notes from evidence NEW YORK -- As the first anniversary of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson's killing looms this week, the man charged in his death will be in court fighting to prevent prosecutors from using evidence they say links him to the crime. Luigi Mangione, 27, is set for hearings starting Monday on his bid to block the Manhattan District Attorney's Office from showing or telling jurors about items seized during his arrest at a yet-unscheduled state murder trial . In it, prosecutors say, Mangione mused about rebelling against "the deadly, greed fueled health insurance cartel" and said killing an industry executive "conveys a greedy bastard that had it coming." Mangione has pleaded not guilty to state and federal murder charges. Mangione, the Ivy League-educated scion of a wealthy Maryland family, was arrested five days later at a McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania, about 230 miles (about 370 kilometers) west of Manhattan. His lawyers argue that was an excuse "designed to cover up an illegal warrantless search of the backpack." Federal prosecutors, fighting similar claims in their case, have said in court filings that police were justified in searching the backpack to make sure there were no dangerous items.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5608225/snap-rule-changes-usda-rollins
Article: Here's what we know toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins is promising big changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), which currently helps almost 42 million Americans buy groceries. In recent media appearances she said attention on SNAP during the government shutdown "has given us a platform to completely deconstruct the program" and said details about structural changes to the program would be released this week. Rollins has made a case for sweeping changes to SNAP by asserting her agency uncovered "massive fraud" in state data the agency demanded, and has emphasized statistics suggesting wrongdoing without providing the underlying data or details. Sponsor Message The Trump administration's latest campaign for SNAP changes comes as millions of recipients are already poised to lose benefits in the coming years as states begin to implement new work requirements and eligibility rules that Republicans in Congress passed over the summer that are the deepest cuts in history to the program. In a Fox Business interview last month, Rollins said the further changes she is proposing will "make sure those vulnerable Americans who really need that benefit are going to get it. And for all the rest of the fraudsters and the people who are corrupt and taking advantage of it — we're going to protect the taxpayer, too." Food policy experts say they are concerned that Rollins' talking points suggest a distorted view of the prevalence of SNAP recipients committing fraud, and seem to conflate fraud with payment errors of any kind. "My worry is that she's risking setting a public narrative that this is a program that has more fraud than it actually does, or that the people who need it and use it to meet their very basic food needs are somehow committing a crime by seeking food assistance," said Stacy Dean, executive director of George Washington University's Global Food Institute and a former U.S. SNAP recipients already have to go through a recertification process — in most cases every six or 12 months, and it is unclear what legal authority USDA would have to add additional steps. senators sent a letter last month asking Rollins to clarify what she meant and pointed out that SNAP is facing "unprecedented cuts" and there is additional uncertainty after the Trump administration halted SNAP payments during the shutdown. "We are therefore troubled that the Administration could choose, at this moment, to add additional red tape that creates duplicative and unnecessary barriers to accessing nutrition assistance for families," the letter reads. As well as ongoing analysis of state data, further regulatory work, and improved collaboration with states." Unpacking Rollins' claims Earlier this year, USDA made an unprecedented demand to states to turn over personal data of SNAP recipients. Most Democratic-led states refused and a federal judge in San Francisco blocked USDA from withholding funding from states that did not comply and found the federal agency's data demand was likely unlawful. But 28 states and Guam did turn over data, according to a USDA spokesperson, and Rollins has been citing statistics from that data in several media appearances in recent weeks as evidence that the food assistance program needs to be overhauled. In a recent News Nation interview, Rollins said the state data showed, "186,000 dead people receiving benefits, 500,000 Americans receiving benefits two times, so double what they should be receiving. For example, some deceased individuals will inevitably be enrolled in the program because state officials have to verify the death and provide time for the household to respond before SNAP benefits are reduced or terminated. As for people receiving two benefit payments, the specifics of the cases Rollins cited are still unknown, but in court filings a California state official listed a number of legitimate explanations for why that can occur — including when a SNAP household is owed a supplemental payment to correct an error. Lauren Bauer, a fellow in Economic Studies at the Brookings Institution and the associate director of The Hamilton Project, analyzed USDA data but was unable to find evidence of a 40% increase under Biden. More SNAP changes to come A draft of a regulation that USDA submitted to the Office of Management and Budget last month could provide a clue for one of the changes to SNAP the Trump administration could unveil soon. The draft calls for narrowing what is known as "broad-based categorical eligibility" for SNAP, which is currently used by more than 40 states to ensure welfare recipients can receive SNAP. Sponsor Message Researchers at the conservative-leaning American Enterprise Institute have argued this eligibility rule should be ended because states are using it to allow people with incomes above the limit set by the SNAP statute to receive the benefit. Katie Bergh, a senior policy analyst at the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities who has criticized the potential change, estimates a policy change like this could lead to nearly 6 million people losing SNAP benefits.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5608377/during-advent-immigrant-congregations-find-hope-shadowed-by-fear
Article: During Advent, immigrant congregations find hope shadowed by fear toggle caption Sean Gallup/Getty Images LOS ANGELES — As the season of Advent begins, many Christians turn toward quiet reflection and preparation for Christmas. For worshippers like Mike, an Iranian asylum-seeker who attends a West Los Angeles church, the weeks leading up to Christmas feel less like a spiritual refuge and more like a time of apprehension. But a series of immigration enforcement actions in the region — including the June arrests of two men outside a nearby church with a large Iranian membership — has shaken him. "They feel like they have to be apprehensive about it — not even wanting to speak in their own language here." She said the fear is especially painful during Advent, a season she describes as a time to prepare to "give thanks for this God we have who wants to be with us." Sponsor Message Room at the inn, despite fears East of Los Angeles, at Baldwin Park United Methodist Church, Pastor Toña Rios unzips a red tent pitched in the middle of the sanctuary. "On a daily basis, we're scared of going to the school, to work, to church, to even the grocery store." Lopez says that during Advent, these fears remind her of the Christmas story itself — of Mary and Joseph searching for somewhere to stay, turned away again and again until somebody finally took them in. That theme of welcome runs through the hymn chosen for every Sunday of Advent at Baldwin Park United Methodist Church, "All Earth is Hopeful." Its lyrics speak of a world longing for liberation, where people labor to "see how God's truth and justice set everybody free."

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5626213/supreme-court-music-industry-internet-providers
Article: Supreme Court weighs copyright fight between music industry and internet providers toggle caption Andrew Harnik/Getty Images The Supreme Court on Monday hears a billion-dollar case about whether internet providers can be liable for their users' committing copyright violations using its services. A coalition of music labels, which represent artists such as Sabrina Carpenter, Givēon, and Doechii, sued Cox alleging that company should be responsible for the copyright violations of internet users that Cox had been warned were serial copyright abusers. The coalition argues Cox was sent numerous notices of specific IP addresses repeatedly violating music copyrights and that Cox's failure to terminate those IP addresses from internet access means that Cox should face the music. The coalition points out that Cox had a 13-strike policy for potentially terminating infringing customers, under which Cox acted against a customer based on how many complaints it received about a particular user. The Cox manager who oversaw the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the law at issue in this case, told his team to "F the dmca!!!" "Cox made a deliberate and egregious decision to elevate its own profits over compliance with the law," the coalition asserts. In its briefs, Cox specified that less than 1% of its users infringe on music copyrights and that its internal compliance measures "got 95% of that less than 1% to stop." It asserts that if the Supreme Court does not side with them, then "that means terminating entire households, coffee shops, hospitals, universities, and even regional internet service providers (ISPs)—the internet lifeline for tens of thousands of homes and businesses—merely because some unidentified person was previously alleged to have used the connection to infringe." Sponsor Message A decision in the case is expected this summer.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/g-s1-98267/ai-independent-candidates-congress-two-party-control
Article: An independent effort says AI is the secret to topple two-party power in Congress toggle caption Glenn Harvey for NPR The rise of AI assistants is rewriting the rhythms of everyday life: people are feeding their blood test results into chatbots, turning to ChatGPT for advice on their love lives and leaning on AI for everything from planning trips to finishing homework assignments. Sponsor Message The goal is to elect a handful of independent candidates to the House of Representatives in 2026, using AI to identify districts where independents could succeed and uncover diamond in the rough candidates. In a time when control of the House balances on a knife's edge, winning even a handful of seats could deny either party from getting a majority and upend the way the House currently operates. "It's the first time in a long time where a plurality of Americans are now identifying as independents, and so that does seem to signal a pretty important shift." Brandon said that shift is what makes the time right to disrupt the status quo. People are so stuck into 'Republican' and 'Democrat' and we're like, well, there's something else." Sponsor Message 'We're political fighters' Trying to throw a wrench into the stranglehold of a two-party system is an uphill battle, pushing against political orthodoxy and plenty of skeptics. "We're political fighters," said Brandon, who served as President of FreedomWorks, the conservative grassroots group that helped turn Tea Party activists into a political force before closing its doors last year. We're not going to be pushovers." Brandon works closely with Brett Loyd, who runs The Bullfinch Group, the nonpartisan polling and data firm overseeing the polling and research at the Independent Center. "If you live in a hyper-Republican or hyper-Democratic district, you should have a Democrat or Republican representing you." But with the help of AI, he's identified 40 seats that don't fit that mold, where he said independents can make inroads with voters fed up with both parties. "'But if you can do this, I will join you.'" Sponsor Message From mining Reddit to matching on LinkedIn Their proprietary AI tool created by an outside partner has been years in the making. "Polling is a snapshot in time — a Tuesday at 11 when you got the phone call or you were at the focus group, this is how you felt, but then you went home and your views changed. "A district that's 50% Republican and 50% Democratic that keeps flip flopping because of who showed up on a given night, is that something that is truly independent versus a district in Arizona where a plurality is independent but they're plugging their nose and voting?" Loyd explained. "Well, those kids are going to be more than half the electorate in the next presidential election." From there, the next step is taking the data and finding what the dream candidate looks like. "And that's what [that person's] going to do, because we found they matched up perfectly." 'What's wrong with spoiling something people don't like?' One criticism Brandon and Loyd acknowledge they hear often is the idea of 'spoilers' — non-winning candidates whose presence on the ballot affects which candidate wins.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5618203/centenarian-aging-health
Article: From ChatGPT to strength training: Here's how 100-year-olds are thriving toggle caption alvarez/E+/Getty Images A new survey of centenarians finds people who make it to 100 are not letting the grass grow under their feet. According to a survey of 100 centenarians from UnitedHealthcare, nearly half do some form of strength training at least once a week to keep muscles strong, 36% participate in stress relief activities such as meditation, 67% say they eat a healthy diet, and 42% report walking or hiking on a regular basis. Sponsor Message One striking finding is that most of the centenarians say they feel decades younger than their actual age, and many do not identify as "old." Many describe a "gradual realization" of aging, Randall says, noticing small changes over time, such as needing more rest and more time to recover from physical activities. Writer Ken Stern, founder of The Longevity Project, has documented some of the communities that benefit from strong social ties, ranging from Wayne County, Ky., to West Texas and the Bronx, in his book, Healthy to 100: How Strong Social Ties Lead to Long Lives. And at a time when thousands of baby boomers are turning 65 each day, the population of older adults is expected to surge, with more than 400,000 centenarians by mid-century. Sponsor Message "The core of successful aging is the lifestyle choices we make every day," he says, everything from what you eat, how much you exercise, how you manage stress and what you do to stay connected and find purpose. And a 2024 Lancet Commission report finds about 45% cases of dementia could be prevented or delayed by addressing 14 modifiable risk factors, including exercise, smoking, alcohol use, diet and body weight, as well as social isolation.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/2025/12/01/national-guard-shooting-update/
Article: A brazen, close-range shooting last week of two young National Guard members doing routine patrols outside of a Metro station in Washington has left communities in West Virginia in mourning and many around the country searching for answers. Sarah Beckstrom, a 20-year-old who joined the Guard two years ago after graduating from high school in Webster County, West Virginia, died on Thanksgiving in a hospital bed with her parents by her side. Noem told ABC News’s “This Week” that officials had not yet identified what drove Lakanwal, who drove across the country from Washington state to the District before allegedly carrying out the attack. Noem added that the investigation is still ongoing and that she believes the FBI and the Justice Department will “reveal all of the sources of motivation.” The secretary contended that Lakanwal “could have been radicalized in his home community and in his home state.” Lakanwal had been dealing with severe mental health issues and had been deteriorating over the years, the Associated Press reported Sunday, citing emails written by a community member who worked with Lakanwal and other Afghan refugees in Washington state. Trump on Thursday sidestepped a reporter’s question about why his administration granted Lakanwal asylum in April, saying, “When it comes to asylum, when they’re flown in, it’s very hard to get them out.” The White House on Friday halted all decisions related to asylum claims and paused visa issuances for Afghan nationals, a day after Trump posted an anti-immigration screed vowing to “permanently pause” migration from nations he described as “Third World Countries.” Deporting Afghans who have been granted asylum “is very hard,” the president said on Thursday. Mark Kelly (D-Arizona) told NBC News’s Kristen Welker that he found Noem’s latest comments “disturbing.” “I take that as a message that they don't want brown people coming to the United States,” Kelly said Sunday. Chris Van Hollen (D-Maryland) called the administration’s posture a “desperate” effort “to blame everybody else in the world and not accept any accountability.” He said that although the suspect’s motives are unknown, pausing the processing of visas and green cards for all Afghans “is outrageous.” “That is collective punishment,” he said. Members of the Afghan community in the U.S., as well as their advocates, have expressed deep concern over the generalizations Trump and his allies have made about Afghan evacuees in the wake of the shooting. Our own experiences with conflict and hardship shape our firm commitment to nonviolence, compassion, and the protection of human life.” Shawn VanDiver, a veteran and president of #AfghanEvac, a group that supports Afghan evacuees, said Trump is “trying to distract from this by blaming Afghans for this horrific act. On Saturday, Morrisey spoke to Fox News about the “heinous act” and said what happened to the Guard members is “unconscionable.” The state issued a proclamation to honor the two “brave individuals,” as West Virginia “cares very deeply about its guard.” “There is a proud tradition of West Virginians who step up for military service, so when something like this happens, it’s really a gut punch to the communities,” Morrisey said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/supreme-court-hears-billion-dollar-battle-online-piracy/story?id=127876678
Article: As billions of people worldwide use the internet to illegally stream or download copyrighted material like music, movies and TV shows, the entertainment industry is trying to crack down on American internet service providers for complicity in the alleged crimes of their customers. A major case before the Supreme Court on Monday could determine whether those providers can be held financially liable to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars for “contributing” to copyright infringement if they fail to cut off internet access to any account suspected of engaging in piracy. and a party in the case, faces a $1 billion penalty awarded by a jury to Sony Music Entertainment and other media companies that sued over the distribution of pirated content online. If the judgment is upheld, Cox says it could go bankrupt, potentially eliminating internet access entirely in some communities and leading to “mass evictions from the internet” in places where piracy has been suspected, such as “homes, barracks, hospitals, and hotels upon bare accusation.” Cox says it opposes copyright infringement and takes steps to prevent it, but that it cannot be held responsible for the actions of individual users, who are impossible to pinpoint and trace. “Your [internet service provider] does not purposefully participate in, or try to bring about, what you do online any more than your phone company or FedEx do in communications they transmit,” Cox attorneys wrote the high court in a legal brief. As a general rule, anyone who “materially contributes to the infringing conduct of another may be held liable as a contributory infringer,” lawyers for the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), an entertainment industry trade group, told the court in a legal brief. “Cox made a deliberate and egregious decision to elevate its own profits over compliance with the law,” attorneys for Sony Music Entertainment argue in a legal brief, “supplying the means for massive copyright infringement to specific users that it knew were habitual offenders because [it wanted to] to hold on to every subscriber [it] can.” Nearly 19 billion downloads of pirated movies and TV shows were made using online peer-to-peer software in 2023, according to the MPAA. Justices will hear oral arguments over the scope of potential “contributory liability” of internet service providers on Monday and issue a decision in the dispute by the end of June 2026.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Lifestyle/wireStory/rage-bait-named-oxford-university-press-word-year-127993376
Article: Oxford University Press has named “rage bait’’ as its word of the year, capturing the internet zeitgeist of 2025 LONDON -- Oxford University Press has named “rage bait’’ as its word of the year, capturing the internet zeitgeist of 2025. The phrase refers to online content that is “deliberately designed to elicit anger or outrage by being frustrating, provocative or offensive,” with the aim of driving traffic to a particular social media account, Oxford said in a statement. This is a result of the algorithms used by social media companies, “because although we love fluffy cats, we’ll appreciate that we tend to engage more with negative content and content that really provokes us.” Rage bait topped two other contenders — “aura farming’’ and “biohack’’ — after public comment on a shortlist compiled by lexicographers at Oxford University Press. “Aura farming’’ means to cultivate a public image by presenting oneself in “a way intended subtly to convey an air of confidence, coolness or mystique.’’ “Biohack’’ is defined as “an attempt to improve or optimize one’s physical or mental performance, health or longevity.’’ The word of the year is selected by lexicographers at Oxford University Press who analyze new and emerging words, as well as changes in the way language is being used, to identify words of “cultural significance.” Oxford University Press, publisher of the Oxford English Dictionary, has selected a word of the year annually since 2004.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pope-lebanon-prays-peace-tomb-saint-revered-christians-127993130
Article: Pope Leo XIV is praying at the tomb of a Lebanese saint revered among Christians and Muslims Pope in Lebanon prays for peace at tomb of saint revered by Christians and Muslims alike ANNAYA, Lebanon -- ANNAYA, Lebanon (AP) — Pope Leo XIV prayed Monday at the tomb of a Lebanese saint revered among Christians and Muslims as he opened his first full day in Lebanon with a message of peace and religious coexistence in a region torn by conflict. Bells rang out as Leo's covered popemobile snaked its way through the rain and thousands of enthusiastic Lebanese lining his motorcade route into Annaya, around 40 kilometers (25 miles) from Beirut. We especially implore it for Lebanon and for the entire Levant.” Leo’s visit to the tomb, the first by a pope, opened a busy day for history’s first American pope. He then travelled to the town of Harissa north of Beirut where he received a raucous, cheering welcome from priests and nuns at the seat of the Maronite church in Lebanon. Women in the crowd ululated and others shouted “Viva il Papa” (“Long live the pope”) as Leo arrived at the Our Lady of Lebanon Basilica in Harissa, a town north of Beirut. There, Leo was expected to hammer home his core message of peace and Christian-Muslim coexistence in Lebanon and beyond at a time of conflict in Gaza and political tensions in Lebanon that are worse than they have been in years. Youssef Nasr, the secretary-general of Catholic Schools in Lebanon who was on hand to welcome Leo at the Our Lady of Lebanon Basilica in Harissa, a town north of Beirut. “The pope’s visit gives a new push to the Lebanese to rise and cling to their country." More recently, Lebanon has been deeply divided over calls for Hezbollah, a Lebanese militant group and political party, to disarm after fighting a war with Israel last year that left the country deeply damaged. Leo was to end the day at a rally for Lebanese youth at Bkerki, the seat of the Maronite church, where he is expected to encourage them to persevere and not leave the country like many others despite Lebanon’s many challenges. In his opening speech, Leo challenged Lebanon’s political leaders to put aside their differences and work to be true peacemakers, while also urging Lebanese Christians in particular to remain in the country. Today, Christians make up around a third of Lebanon’s 5 million people, giving the small nation on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean the largest percentage of Christians in the Middle East. A power sharing agreement in place since independence from France calls for the president to be a Maronite Christian, making Lebanon the only Arab country with a Christian head of state. Lebanon’s Christian community has endured in its ancestral homeland even as the rise of the Islamic State drove an exodus from communities in Iraq and Syria that dated to the time of the Apostles. While the Christian exodus in Lebanon has been at a slower trickle after the main flight during the civil war, emigration remains a concern for the Vatican, which sees the Christian presence here as a bulwark for the church in the region. "No one can uproot us from this country, we must live it in it as brothers because the church has no enemy." Bishop Antoine-Charbel Tarabay accompanied a group of 60 people from the Lebanese diaspora in Australia to welcome Leo and join in his prayer for peace but to also reinforce the Christian presence in the country. “We don’t like to see more and more people leaving Lebanon, especially the Christians.” Tarabay said Lebanese were grateful that Leo chose to visit on his maiden voyage as pope.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/is-bnpl-eligible-for-debt-relief/
Article: We spoke with an expert to break down how BNPL fits into the debt-relief world, what makes it different from traditional loans and what you should know before taking one out. Many of these lenders are fintechs with their own rules, which can complicate the debt-relief process and make it vary from lender to lender." Debt relief companies also usually require clients to have a minimum amount of debt to qualify for their programs. What to know before taking out a BNPL loan Taking out a BNPL loan can be helpful if you need to break up payments and are confident you can pay it off on time. "A 0% offer can turn into a high interest rate situation, and late fees and penalties may apply." On top of that, not all BNPL payments show up on your credit report, but unpaid debt can still be sent to collections. One way to approach new purchases without racking up high fees is by using a 0% APR card that gives you a temporary break from interest while you pay down your balance. The Chase Freedom Unlimited® (see rates and fees) offers a 0% intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers, followed by a variable APR of 18.74% to 28.24%. You'll also earn a $200 welcome bonus after spending $500 on purchases in your first three months, plus ongoing cash back across popular categories, including 5% back on travel booked through Chase Travel℠. Chase Freedom Unlimited® CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase's site CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase's site Spotlight New cardholders receive a 0% intro APR for 15 months from account opening on purchases and balance transfers. Pros & cons Valuable welcome bonus and high rewards rates Long intro APR for purchases and balance transfers No annual fee Has a foreign transaction fee Few rewarding ongoing benefits More details Highlights Intro Offer: Earn a $200 Bonus after you spend $500 on purchases in your first 3 months from account opening Enjoy 5% cash back on travel purchased through Chase Travel SM , our premier rewards program that lets you redeem rewards for cash back, travel, gift cards and more; 3% cash back on drugstore purchases and dining at restaurants, including takeout and eligible delivery service, and 1.5% on all other purchases. , our premier rewards program that lets you redeem rewards for cash back, travel, gift cards and more; 3% cash back on drugstore purchases and dining at restaurants, including takeout and eligible delivery service, and 1.5% on all other purchases. No annual fee – You won't have to pay an annual fee for all the great features that come with your Freedom Unlimited ® card card Keep tabs on your credit health, Chase Credit Journey helps you monitor your credit with free access to your latest score, alerts, and more. dollars The Blue Cash Everyday® Card from American Express also offers a 0% intro APR for 15 months on purchases and balance transfers from the date of account opening, then a variable APR of 19.74% to 28.74% applies (see rates and fees). Blue Cash Everyday® Card from American Express CNBC Select Rating Learn More On the American Express site CNBC Select Rating Learn More On the American Express site Credit score Good to Excellent Regular APR 19.74% to 28.74% Variable Annual fee $0 Welcome bonus Earn a $200 statement credit See rates and fees, terms apply. Pros & cons Up to $264 in streaming service and meal kit credits every year (subject to auto renewal) High cash-back rates in popular spending categories No annual fee The best bonus cash-back categories are capped Has a foreign transaction fee More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. Get up to a $7 monthly statement credit after using your enrolled Blue Cash Everyday® Card for a subscription purchase, including a bundle subscription purchase, at Disneyplus.com, Hulu.com, or Plus.espn.com U.S. Foreign transaction fee 2.7% of each transaction after conversion to US dollars Tips for paying down BNPL balances Communicate early and often with your BNPL lender Don't wait until you miss payments to contact your BNPL lender. Waiting until after multiple missed payments makes negotiating harder and increases long-term consequences." Seek help from a nonprofit credit counseling agency On the other hand, if you're already struggling to manage BNPL debt, McClary says that one of the best first steps is to contact a nonprofit credit counseling agency. "If you're already facing financial hardship, you shouldn't have to pay high fees before figuring out your next steps." Nonprofit agencies can also negotiate with creditors on your behalf and help set up manageable repayment plans, which might include your BNPL lenders, depending on the provider. While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/a-gaza-family-split-by-medical-evacuation-hopes-transplant-could-unite-them?traffic_source=rss
Article: Padova, Italy – Abdullah, 10, barely lifts his gaze from his tablet as he plays his favourite video game, where he creates a virtual universe that lets him be anything he imagines. His mother, Iman Ismail Mohammad Abu Mazid, says he picked up the gaming habit after leaving Gaza on May 14 for the Italian city of Padova to receive life-saving treatment for leukaemia. Back in Deir el-Balah, the city in central Gaza that the family called home, he was a “very sociable child” who “would always be in the streets playing football with his brothers and other children his age,” she told Al Jazeera, before looking through her phone to retrieve a picture of the boy she remembers. While Abdullah, his mother Iman and one-year-old Qamar were granted seats on a medical evacuation flight that took them to Italy, the rest of the family – Ahmad and the other two children, Mohammad and Mahmoud – stayed behind in Gaza, which Israel continues to bomb despite a ceasefire agreement being in place. In early November, a team of doctors in Gaza took blood samples from Abdullah’s siblings and sent them to Italy to determine their compatibility as donors for the boy’s marrow transplant. Asked whether he would like to bring Gaza to Padova, he said, “Not all of it, just my neighbourhood.” Escaping war in Gaza Iman found out she was pregnant with Qamar in March 2024, as the war was raging around her. After so many attempts, finally, he answered.” A new life away from home Abdullah is among more than 5,500 children who have been evacuated from Gaza through medical evacuations coordinated by the WHO. “I couldn’t live normally, my conscience didn’t allow it.” Fedetto worked the phone in search of anyone who could help her navigate the process of paperwork, approvals, and coordination required to provide a referral for a patient to be moved to a medical facility abroad.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/1/barcelona-vs-atletico-madrid-la-liga-preview-team-news-start?traffic_source=rss
Article: Who: Barcelona vs Atletico Madrid What: Spain’s La Liga Where: Camp Nou, Barcelona When: Tuesday at 9pm (20:00 GMT) How to follow: We’ll have all the build-up on Al Jazeera Sport from 17:00 GMT in advance of our live text commentary stream. Barca sit precariously top of La Liga by a point from second-place Real Madrid after coming from behind to beat Alaves at the weekend for a fourth straight league win. And as Real Madrid were held to a third consecutive La Liga draw in a 1-1 tie at lowly Girona on Sunday, Barcelona and Atletico will hope that they can take advantage of their rivals’ dip in form. 🎥 @DAZN_ES pic.twitter.com/vjJaZJdV3e — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) November 29, 2025 Raphinha back on song A key player in Barcelona’s domestic title double last season, Raphinha looked like his old incisive self against Alaves in his first start in two months since recovering from a hamstring injury. He set up two early goals, twice racing in behind the defence on the left side of the area before squaring passes for Lamine Yamal and Dani Olmo to score in the eighth and 26th minutes Olmo added a third goal in stoppage time when he worked a one-two passing combination with Yamal before firing home. “We missed him.” Atletico hit their stride Alexander Sorloth’s first-half brace earned Atletico Madrid a 2-0 win over Real Oviedo on Saturday, as Diego Simeone’s side are now unbeaten in 13 league matches after an opening-day defeat by Espanyol and trail leaders Barca by three points. What matters is the future.” Simeone says breaking records meaningless without a title Atletico have become the first team in La Liga history to score first in each of their opening 14 matches; however, coach Simeone said he cares about trophies rather than records. “We won a match we had to win, and now comes a very tough one, a difficult one, against an opponent we know very well and who has enormous potential, even more so with the return of Pedri and Raphinha. We’ll face a very tough opponent.” Head-to-head The two clubs have faced each other 246 times, with Barca recording 112 wins to Atletico’s 77, while 57 of the games ended in a draw. Barcelona’s team news The in-form midfielder, Fermin Lopez, will miss a second consecutive game due to a calf problem, while fellow midfielder Gavi and goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen remain ruled out through injury. Barca will get a significant boost, though, as Pedri, Jules Kounde, and Frenkie de Jong are set to return to action, while Eric Garcia is expected to be available despite being forced off at half-time against Alaves. Barcelona’s predicted starting XI Joan Garcia; Kounde, Eric Garcia, Cubarsi, Balde; de Jong, Pedri; Yamal, Olmo, Raphinha; Lewandowski Atletico’s team news Midfielder Marcos Llorente misses his third consecutive match with a thigh injury, while centre-back Robin Le Normand is unlikely to feature as he continues to recover from a knee problem.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/israels-genocidal-war-forces-gaza-children-into-work-as-breadwinners?traffic_source=rss
Article: At 15, Mohammed should be in school with his peers, but since his father was killed in Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza, he has been forced to abandon his education and shoulder responsibilities as the breadwinner for his family. I’m exhausted, but I have to do it to support my siblings.” Mohammed is one of a growing number of Palestinian children in Gaza who have been forced into work as a result of Israel’s war. With at least 39,000 children having lost one or both parents in the war, and the enclave’s economy devastated by the conflict, children as young as eight have been pushed into work for their families’ survival – losing not only their education, but their childhoods. “The circumstances pushed us into this.” Children bear the brunt Aid agencies in Gaza say children have borne the brunt of the war, forcing them into additional responsibilities that would normally be the domain of adults. Speaking from Ramallah in the occupied West Bank, Rachel Cummings, Gaza humanitarian director for Save the Children, said the family breakdown caused by the war was also driving children into roles caring for siblings or older family members. “This very precarious situation is really taking its toll.” More than 600,000 out of school The statistics paint a bleak picture of the effect of the war on children in Gaza, where nearly half the population is under 18. Reporting from Gaza City, Al Jazeera’s Hind Khoudary said the loss of parental breadwinners, in particular, had forced Gaza’s children into doing tasks “that they were not supposed to be doing”. “The war’s toll on Palestinian children has been massive.” As he walks home at the end of another long day earning money for his family, Mohammed walks past a school, wishing he were still a student.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn5l209pn1wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Buddy the runaway reindeer sparks major search at seaside 54 minutes ago Share Save Nathan Bevan BBC Wales Share Save HM Coastguard Crosby Buddy's unscheduled spot of sightseeing caused quite a stir A reindeer called Buddy sparked a huge search operation after it went on the run. Armed police officers, the Coastguard and members of the Royal Marines were called in to track down the animal from north Wales after he fled a festive celebration in Formby, Merseyside. Southport Lifeboat described the events as "bizarre", adding: "It's quite topical for the time of year though, isn't it?" Merseyside Police said it began receiving reports the reindeer had gone missing at about 13:45 GMT on Saturday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cgr12e7259xo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Former Tory deputy chair Gullis defects to Reform Jonathan Gullis (right) joins Reform after 18 years with the Conservative Party Jonathan Gullis, a former Conservative Party deputy chairman, has announced he has quit the party and joined Reform UK. The former MP for Stoke-on-Trent North and education minister had been a party member for 18 years, but said he believed the party had "lost touch with the people it was meant to serve". It comes one month after councillor Daniel Jellyman, the Conservative group leader on Stoke-on-Trent City Council, also defected to Reform UK and became the party's leader on the local authority.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/police-comb-fire-ravaged-hong-kong-apartments.html
Article: TOPSHOT - Firemen get ready after a major fire swept through several apartment blocks at the Wang Fuk Court residential estate in Hong Kong's Tai Po district on November 27, 2025. Hong Kong firefighters were scouring a still-burning apartment complex for hundreds of missing people on November 27, a day after the blaze tore through the high-rises, killing at least 44. (Photo by Dale DE LA REY / AFP via Getty Images) Hong Kong authorities said on Monday they had arrested 13 people for suspected manslaughter in a probe into the city's deadliest fire in decades, pointing to substandard renovation materials for fueling a blaze that has claimed at least 151 lives. Police continued to sweep the seven burnt-out towers engulfed in Wednesday's disaster at the Wang Fuk Court estate, finding bodies of residents in stairwells and on rooftops, trapped as they tried to flee the flames. Thousands have turned out to pay tribute to the victims, who include at least nine domestic helpers from Indonesia and one from the Philippines, with lines of mourners stretching more than a kilometer (a half-mile) along a canal next to the estate.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/1/over-1600-sudanese-civilians-flee-south-kordofan-in-single-day?traffic_source=rss
Article: More than 1,600 Sudanese civilians fled the town of Kertala in South Kordofan in a single day as insecurity escalated alongside rising abuses by the paramilitary Rapid Support Forces (RSF), according to the International Organization for Migration (IOM). The United Nations agency said on Sunday that field teams from its Displacement Tracking Matrix estimated that 1,625 people left Kertala on November 28 because of worsening security conditions linked to RSF violations. This latest wave of displacement follows RSF attacks, supported by the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement-North (SPLM-N), on several villages in South Kordofan, including the abduction of young people for forced recruitment. The three Kordofan states – North, West and South – have seen weeks of fierce fighting between the army and the RSF, prompting tens of thousands of people to flee, according to human rights groups. Of Sudan’s 18 states, the RSF controls all five states of the Darfur region in the west, except for some northern parts of North Darfur that remain under army control. The conflict between the Sudanese army and the RSF, which began in April 2023, has killed at least 40,000 people and displaced 12 million, according to the World Health Organization.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/1/how-im-fighting-the-us-prison-system-from-the-inside?traffic_source=rss
Article: Into the law library: No saviours, just strategy When I got to New Jersey State Prison (NJSP) in Trenton in 2005, an older prisoner told me, “Your job is to stay out of trouble, live, and fight for your life. When I refused the plea deal, he said, ‘I didn’t prepare a defence for you.’” Tommy has subsequently lost all his appeals, but he is now pursuing his only remaining options: a motion to overturn his sentence and clemency. “That’s how State v Comer happened, where an inmate raised the issue himself.” James Comer was 17 when he was convicted of a felony murder and other offences after carrying out several armed robberies with two others in the year 2000.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/01/trump-chicago-immigration-economy/
Article: CHICAGO — When customers walk in to Taquerias Atotonilco, a fixture in the Little Village neighborhood that has been in Raul Muñoz Jr.’s family since the 1970s, he hears a common refrain: “It’s dead out there.” The observation has echoed in Little Village and Chicago’s other predominantly Latino neighborhoods since September when the Trump administration launched “Operation Midway Blitz,” which has led to more than 3,000 arrests throughout the Chicago area and northwest Indiana, according to the Department of Homeland Security. And while many of the decades-old businesses along 26th Street have been bolstered by a loyal customer base, newer stores and restaurants are more vulnerable, said Jennifer Aguilar, executive director of the Little Village Chamber of Commerce. The effects of the Trump administration’s immigration enforcement campaigns are being felt among Latino-owned businesses across the country — a sector of primarily small businesses that contributes more than $800 billion to the economy annually, according to the U.S. “Enforcement actions have disrupted operations, caused staff to fear coming to work, and created ripple effects through local economies,” Juanita Guzman, a spokesperson for the chamber, said in a statement. ICE appears and ‘the day is shot’ Unlike Chicago’s better-known Michigan Avenue shopping district, there are no big box stores or retail chains in “La Villita,” as it’s known to locals. Celina Villanueva (D), who grew up in the neighborhood and still lives there, said Little Village has weathered past economic hardships — the Great Recession, the global pandemic — and always bounced back. Businesses are empty because people lock in for the day and they won’t come out until the next day,” said Aguilar, who was among the Little Village Chamber of Commerce members to visit local businesses to check on owners and learn how the raids are affecting them. Missing neighbors From an empty table in the dining room, Muñoz, the restaurant owner, works from his laptop with a clear view of the cash register, which he said is ringing up about one-third fewer sales on their busiest days compared to last year. We’ve definitely noticed a difference.” Muñoz chats with other Little Village business owners on a text thread where they share leads — who needs a catering job, who can host a group of visiting students. Federal patrols have so far not dented the Sunday brunch and lunchtime crowds, but he said weaker sales overall — and the spike in carryout orders — have cut “drastically” into servers’ tips. Eroding revenue — and community Teresa Córdova, director of the Great Cities Institute at the University of Illinois Chicago, said the economic hit to Little Village should concern leaders and residents citywide as a downturn affects business and sales taxes. “So it starts erode your revenue to your city.” But business owners and customers are also worried about how the immigration arrests are pulling at the fabric of their tight-knit community. “They take care of you.” Over the last few months, Valderrama has watched the men he works with disappear from jobsites, too fearful to show — or worse, be arrested, he said. Valderrama and Moreno chat about the dwindling attendance at New Life Community Church since the raids began, where the normally 60- to 70-person strong Sunday service has fallen to 25 to 30 people, and the longtime street vendors who have abandoned their carts of snacks, flowers and handicrafts on 26th Street, perhaps permanently losing their livelihoods.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/dc-md-va/2025/12/01/salisbury-maryland-lgbtq-pride-ban-trump/
Article: Mayor, if you don’t want to be called a bigot, don’t do bigoted things.” The dustup last month had its roots in a number of contentious issues, including disagreements over approaches to affordable housing and handicapped access. “Our City is home to a diverse and vibrant community, and we want our public spaces to be welcoming to all,” Taylor, who was elected in 2023, said in a statement announcing the decision. The city had a responsibility, he continued, “to ensure that government property remains neutral and does not promote any particular movement or cause.” Members of the local LGBTQ+ community and their supporters were incensed by Taylor’s announcement. “You don’t make things equal and fair by taking away from the underrepresented community, especially the youth,” said Lisa Taylor, board president of Shore Pride Alliance, formerly the Salisbury chapter of PFLAG, a national LGBTQ+ rights and advocacy organization. It communicated that LGBTQ people are part of the fabric of Salisbury and that our presence matters.” Its removal, Franklin said, has sent an unambiguous message: “It reflects something that they’re trying to do on a larger scale, trying to remove LGBTQ visibility.” Nicole Hollywood, a Shore Pride Alliance board member who works at the nearby University of Maryland at Eastern Shore, said that research shows that pride symbols help LGBTQ people feel less marginalized and reduce feelings of isolation and suicidal behaviors. “The intent has never been to make a political statement or to be divisive, but rather to serve as a potent celebration of diversity,” said Hollywood, who also serves on the Maryland Commission on LGBTQIA+ Affairs. It mirrors recent actions taken elsewhere across the country as states, counties and towns have pushed to ban rainbow flags or other LGBTQ symbols from public buildings, schools and workplaces. Montana soon followed, passing a bill in May banning flags from public buildings that “represent a political party, race, sexual orientation, gender or political ideology.” A similar law went into effect in Idaho at the beginning of July. In September, Florida painted over a rainbow crosswalk in Orlando that had originally been installed to show solidarity with the city’s LGBTQ+ community and honor the 49 people killed in a mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub there in 2016. Ron DeSantis (R) and President Donald Trump to wipe crosswalks and sidewalks considered to have “social, political or ideological messages.” Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer (D) called it a “cruel political act.” A number of states already have what critics call “don’t say gay” laws, which prohibit classroom discussion of sexual orientation or gender identity below a certain grade level. On his first day in office, Trump signed executive orders to end diversity, equity and inclusion programs, calling them “illegal and immoral.” Federal agencies including State, Education and Veterans Affairs announced policies allowing only American flags to be displayed with few exceptions. Removing flags or displays supporting LGBTQ+ rights “tells people in the LGBTQ+ community specifically that they aren’t safe, they aren’t welcome and they should go back into hiding or disappear altogether,” said Brandon Wolf, press secretary for the Human Rights Campaign, the nation’s largest LGBTQ+ advocacy group. “They’re afraid of what the future holds.” It wasn’t that long ago that Salisbury was seen as a solidly progressive city, especially for Maryland’s deep red Eastern Shore, which is represented in Congress by Rep. The Salisbury Pride Parade last summer was both a celebration and, for many who took part, an act of defiance against Taylor, who they felt wanted to undo the progress they had made. Several thousand people lined the short parade route down Main Street cheering on participants as a sound system blared “I Got a Feeling” by the Black Eyed Peas and KC and the Sunshine Band’s “That’s the Way (I Like It).” Taylor’s decision to remove the symbols of LGBTQ+ pride felt like a U-turn for many who live here. When he got rid of the rainbows that had brought many LGBTQ+ residents of Salisbury a sense of belonging and safety, they had to consider what the future held for them in the city.

Link: https://cooking.nytimes.com/article/2025-cookie-week-recipes
Article: These 7 Cookies Will Be the Life of Every Party This year’s Cookie Week recipes are inspired by the flavors of treats we love, like mint chocolate chip ice cream, Vietnamese coffee and gingery Dark ’n’ Stormy cocktails. Delight in brownies that taste like Vietnamese iced coffee, savor the flavors of a coconut cake in a bright, bite-size package, or treat yourself to some mint chocolate chip (shortbreads, not ice cream). Claire Saffitz’s recipe — a new twist on classic “sausage” cookies like chocolate kolbasa from Eastern Europe or the salami cookie that Brooks Headley has served at Superiority Burger in New York — absolutely nails the cold cut’s appearance. Jonathan Bang Coconut Cake Snowballs Samantha Seneviratne’s Cookie Week entry takes the essentials of a towering coconut cake — the buttery crumb and billowy frosting — and shrinks them down into the cutest tiny treat. Jonathan Bang Mint Chocolate Chip Cookies Eric Kim’s easy, fun-to-make cookies taste and feel as if you’re eating mint-chip ice cream, thanks to peppermint extract and its icy cooling effect. Jonathan Bang Dark ’n’ Stormy Cookies The Dark ’n’ Stormy is a festive, fiery cocktail made with spicy ginger beer, warm dark rum and a refreshing hint of lime — a welcome wake-up for your taste buds.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/death-afghan-commander-financial-stress-surface-national-guard/story?id=127991010
Article: Blanchard II looks towards pictures of two National Guard members who were shot along with a picture of a suspect, Afghan national Rahmanullah Lakanwal, at a press conference with FBI Director Kash Patel, attorney Jeanine Pirro and other authorities in Washington, D.C., Nov. As investigators continue to delve into what may have motivated the suspect in the deadly National Guardsmen shooting last week, a portrait of a life of increasing financial stress and a potential mental health crisis has emerged, sources familiar told ABC News. President Donald Trump called the shooting "an act of evil, an act of hatred and an act of terror," adding, "It was a crime against our entire nation." Trump, citing information from the Department of Homeland Security, said the suspect entered the U.S. The FBI over the weekend continued to interview family and associates of the suspect and tried to exploit documents and other material obtained through searches of mobile devices, his social media footprint and properties tied to him.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-01/despite-court-wins-immigrants-stay-detained-as-ice-seeks-to-deport-them
Article: The government has long had the ability to make such appeals or to seek another country where it could deport someone; the Department of Homeland Security generally has 90 days to find somewhere else to send them. A June 24 memo , for instance, states that “field offices no longer have the option to discretionarily release aliens.” At issue are cases involving immigrants who, rather than winning asylum, are granted one of two kinds of immigration relief, known as orders of “withholding of removal” and protection under the international Convention Against Torture. They won their cases before an immigration judge and now they’re treated like criminals and remain in detention even after an immigration judge rules in their favor.” Laura Lunn, advocacy and litigation director with the Rocky Mountain Immigrant Advocacy Network in Colorado, noted that rules against double jeopardy do not apply in these cases, so the government has the ability to appeal when it loses. “Here, they have so much control over whether someone remains detained because, if they just file an appeal, that person can just sit in detention for at least six months or what could be years,” Lunn said. The thought of being sent away keeps him up at night, but the alternative is nearly just as bad: “I’m afraid that I will be detained here for years,” he said. DHS regulations allow continued detention when “there is a significant likelihood of removing a detained alien in the reasonably foreseeable future.” Advertisement Such scenarios are increasingly possible since a Supreme Court ruling in June broadened the ability for immigration authorities to quickly deport people to countries where they have no personal connection. After the ruling, ICE released guidance directing agents to generally give migrants slated for removal to a third country “at least 24 hours” notice, but as little as six hours in “exigent circumstances.” The guidance also said the U.S. Advertisement This year, the Trump administration has brokered deals with several countries, including Ghana, El Salvador, and South Sudan — which is on the brink of civil war — to accept deportees. “It has just become more of a regular practice for the government to hold onto people who win protection because they are actively looking, in most cases, for a third country to accept them,” said Trina Realmuto, executive director of the National Immigration Litigation Alliance. Advertisement Politics Trump administration increasingly places immigrants in solitary confinement, report finds Immigration and Customs Enforcement locked up at least 10,588 people alone from April 2024 to May 2025, according to experts at Physicians for Human Rights. Federal law states that Homeland Security should first seek out alternative countries to which the person being deported has some personal connection, and then, if that’s “impracticable, inadvisable, or impossible,” find a country whose government is willing to accept them. Among them is Rabbiatu Kuyateh, a 58-year-old woman who fled Sierra Leone’s civil war 30 years ago and settled in Maryland until ICE agents detained her this summer during her annual check-in. Advertisement Politics Immigrant detainees say they were harassed, sexually assaulted by guard who got promoted In at least three complaints, an employee with the private prison giant GEO Group has been accused of sexual assault and harassment.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/la-county-supervisors-ordinance-banning-masked-ice-agents-trump
Article: Los Angeles County supervisors plan to vote soon on an ordinance that would prohibit law enforcement, including Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, from wearing masks or disguising their identities while conducting operations in unincorporated L.A. So, if this means a fight with the federal government in the courts, I think it is a fight worth having.” California Justice Department sues to block laws restricting masked, unidentified law enforcement officers in California The U.S. Department of Justice sued California on Monday to block newly passed laws that prohibit law enforcement officials, including federal immigration agents, from wearing masks and that require them to identify themselves. Department of Homeland Security spokesperson Tricia McLaughlin has defended the tactic of agents wearing masks in order to protect their identities and keep them safe amid reported increased violence against federal officers. Hahn, when asked if the board is considering alternatives if the ordinance fails to stand legal muster, said supervisors would “cross that bridge if we come to it.” Since the immigration raids began on June 6 in Los Angeles through Aug. 26, the Department of Homeland Security has arrested at least 5,000 undocumented people in the county, the board’s Tuesday motion states, a number that has only gone up with the raids continuing. Advertisement “In an unprecedented moment when Los Angeles County’s immigrant communities are under attack, it is essential that the Board implement policies that cement its support for immigrants’ rights, and the rights of all people who may interact with law enforcement,” Hahn wrote in a motion for the ordinance. “It is reasonable to expect all officers — local, state, and federal — to comply with an ordinance that simply requires them to clearly show the public that they actually are law enforcement officers who are acting within the course of their duties.” The California Legislature passed a similar bill that would require agents to identify themselves and prohibit on-duty officers from covering their faces. Advertisement In October, the FBI issued a memo urging agents to show their identification when they are out in public, after a string of incidents that included masked criminals posing as immigration agents.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/dhs-1000-percent-increase-attacks-on-ice-agents-times-analysis
Article: The federal prosecutor faced the jury, brandishing the item he said had been “used as a sword” to assault a federal officer during a July protest in downtown Los Angeles. For months, Trump administration officials have cited violence against federal law enforcement officers carrying out the president’s deportation campaign as justification for aggressive tactics, including threats to deploy the National Guard and U.S. Advertisement But a Times analysis of court records related to assaults on federal law enforcement in Los Angeles, San Diego, Portland, Ore., Chicago and Washington, D.C., shows the majority of the alleged attacks resulted in no injury to an agent. In roughly 42% of the cases The Times reviewed, federal law enforcement officers were either shoved, spat on or flailed at, or had water bottles thrown at them, according to court affidavits. Tricia McLaughlin, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security, responded to questions from The Times about the assault numbers with a statement that said “our officers are facing terrorist attacks, being shot at, having cars being used as weapons against them, bomb threats, assaults, doxxing.” McLaughlin highlighted a case in which she said an ICE officer needed 13 stitches and suffered burns after he was beaten with a metal coffee cup by an undocumented immigrant in Houston last month. Tricia McLaughlin, a DHS spokesperson, responded to questions from The Times with a statement that said “our officers are facing terrorist attacks, being shot at, having cars being used as weapons against them, bomb threats, assaults, doxxing.” (Jose Luis Magana / Associated Press) President Trump invoked the 1,000% increase figure in a memo directing federal law enforcement groups to investigate “domestic terrorism,” and federal officials have cited the number repeatedly to justify aggressive tactics against protesters and the need for agents to wear masks to avoid being identified. The five jurisdictions The Times analyzed were the federal districts where the Trump administration has conducted large-scale law enforcement and immigration operations or threatened to deploy the military because of the supposed danger faced by federal agents. Advertisement David Bier, director of immigration studies at the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank, said the government is relying on the shocking percentages, without proper context, to advance a narrative. We’re being assaulted daily and therefore we need to be able to use extreme force including military support.’” In just over half of the cases scrutinized by The Times, court records show the officer who was allegedly assaulted suffered no physical injury. A Portland ICE agent was smashed in the head with a rock, federal agents suffered dislocated or fractured fingers in Los Angeles and some agents said they were attacked with their own batons or stun guns while trying to detain people. The only documented incident in which a federal law enforcement officer was shot during an immigration enforcement action this year happened in Los Angeles in October — when a bullet from an ICE agent’s gun ricocheted into a deputy marshal’s hand during a vehicle stop. 19 subcommittee hearing titled “ICE Under Fire: The Radical Left’s Crusade Against Immigration Enforcement,” Padilla asked why there were no government witnesses “providing facts and data behind the numbers that the Department of Homeland Security so often cites to claim an increase in assaults on its officers and agents.” “Today’s hearing is not a serious attempt to protect law enforcement,” Padilla said. “It’s designed to fuel the propaganda machine and encourage even more brutal immigration enforcement operations.” The purported weapons used in some of the cases have only fueled skepticism: A District of Columbia man was charged for throwing a Subway sandwich. Advertisement On June 7 — in the early days of the Trump administration’s immigration crackdown in California — Border Patrol commander Gregory Bovino stood in Paramount, sounding like he was preparing his officers for battle. Bovino, addressing agents decked out in tactical gear as protesters gathered nearby, told the agents to “arrest as many people that touch you as you want to, those are the general orders all the way to the top.” “Everybody f— gets it if they touch you,” Bovino said. Spitting on someone could be assault.” Advertisement After about an hour of deliberations — and despite Bovino testifying that he witnessed Ramos-Brito push an agent — the jury came back with a not guilty verdict. In Los Angeles, court records show federal prosecutors have charged 71 people with assault on a federal officer this year, with 21 of those cases ending in dismissals or acquittals. (Damian Dovarganes / Associated Press) During an October news conference, Bill Essayli, who is functioning as L.A.’s top federal prosecutor, said he would not “read too much” into the dismissal figures. In Chicago, four assault cases were filed against protesters who ignored a dispersal order outside an immigration detention facility and flailed in response to being shoved or struck by Border Patrol agents. Video footage from the scene in August showed the man, Jonathon Redondo-Rosales, swung after he was struck by a government vehicle, as officers were moving to tackle him to the ground. attorney’s office in Illinois said in a statement that prosecutors are “constantly evaluating new facts and information relating to cases and investigations.” Advertisement Martinez’s attorney, Damon Cheronis, thanked prosecutors for doing the right thing after reviewing what he called Border Patrol’s hyperbolic claims against Martinez. A member of a Homeland Security task force was hospitalized with a “possible sternum fracture” after being hit by a car in November in National City, just outside of San Diego, according to DHS. Advertisement The month before, Oscar Magana Reyes, who was allegedly trying to flee an immigration arrest in San Bernardino, stole an ICE agent’s Taser and briefly incapacitated them with a shock to the groin. Charis Kubrin, a professor of law, criminology and sociology at UC Irvine, said the administration’s trumpeting of a more than 1,000% increase is misleading when the jump is coming from a baseline of almost zero assaults against agents. “A moral panic is created when statistics and other things are used to kind of create or socially construct a problem that is bigger than it is.” Alexandria Augustine sits for a portrait at her home in West Hollywood. (Juliana Yamada / Los Angeles Times) The trial of Alexandria Augustine, the 25-year-old woman accused of assaulting a federal officer with her umbrella, played out over the course of several days in October. “They don’t expect us to fight back because they have way more resources and power than we do.” During the trial, Kibbe, the prosecutor, held up the metal skeleton of the umbrella and told jurors that Augustine had hit a Federal Protective Service inspector with it in the arm and chest. Advertisement Among those who turned out for Augustine’s trial was Margaret Ortiz, an Army combat veteran who had been charged with assault after the fabric of a black flag she was holding hit a federal officer in the chin, nose and eyes. “It was going to be stupid, just like this.” During closing arguments, Supervising Deputy Federal Public Defender Rebecca Abel said Augustine had thrown the umbrella up and it dropped down and connected with Gutierrez.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17219968/texas-snap-food-stamp-federal-work-requirements
Article: He doesn’t have a car and said he has applied to a grocery store, Walmart, Dollar General, “any place you can think of” that he could walk or ride his bike to. “No job has hired me.” Under the new federal budget law, to be eligible for SNAP benefits, more people are required to show that they are working, volunteering, or studying. Department of Agriculture did not respond to a detailed list of questions about how the new rules around SNAP will be implemented, and the White House did not respond to a request for comment about whether the rules could kick off people who rely on the program. Still, states must comply with new rules or accrue penalties that could force them to pay a bigger share of the program’s cost, which was about $100 billion last year. States initially predicted they would need at least 12 months to implement such significant changes, said Chloe Green, an assistant director at the American Public Human Services Association who advises states on federal programs. Depending on when states implement the rules, many people could start being dropped from SNAP early next year, said Lauren Bauer, a fellow in economic studies at the Brookings Institution, a policy think tank. Now, for the first time, adults ages 55 to 64 and parents whose children are all 14 or older must document 80 hours of work or other qualifying activities per month. Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said in November that in addition to the law, she will require millions to reapply for benefits to curb fraud, though she did not provide more details. Rollins told Newsmax that she wants to ensure that SNAP benefits are going only to those who “are vulnerable” and “can’t survive without it.” States are required to notify people that they are subject to changes to their SNAP benefits before they’re cut off, Green said. Pat Scott, a community health worker for the Beaverhead Resource Assistance Center in rural Dillon, Montana, is the only person within at least an hour’s drive who is helping people access public assistance, including seniors without reliable transportation. In Missoula, Montana, Jill Bonny, head of the Poverello Center, said the homeless shelter’s clients already struggle to apply for aid, because they often lose documentation amid the daily challenge of carrying everything they own. She said she’s also worried the federal changes could push more older people into homelessness if they lose SNAP benefits and are forced to pick between paying rent or buying food. “This is punitive and mean-spirited.” In early November, a federal judge in Rhode Island ordered the Trump administration to deliver full SNAP payments during the government shutdown, which ended Nov. Callie Richmond for KFF Health News During the government shutdown, when no one received SNAP benefits, Santillan-Garcia and his girlfriend relied on grocery gift cards they received from a nonprofit to prioritize feeding his girlfriend’s baby. Caretakers of dependent children 14 or older Veterans People without housing People 24 or younger who aged out of foster care What SNAP participants should do: Check with public assistance organizations to find out when the new rules go into effect in your region. Let your state know if you’re responsible for a dependent child younger than 14 who lives in your home; pregnant; a student at least half the time; attending a drug or alcohol treatment program; physically or mentally unable to work; a Native American; or a caretaker of an incapacitated household member. KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the core operating programs at KFF — the independent source for health policy research, polling, and journalism.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17219969/texas-senate-bill-8-bathroom-restrictions-law
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback Starting on Thursday, Texas will implement Senate Bill 8 — also known as the Texas Women’s Privacy Act, or more commonly known as a “bathroom bill” — aimed at restricting transgender people’s access to certain restrooms in the state. Supporters of the law say it will create more secure private spaces, but opponents worry the law’s unclear guidance on how to enforce SB 8 will cause oversurveillance and public harassment. The law’s restrictions only apply to facilities owned and operated by political subdivisions and state agencies, which include the following: County and city buildings Agency buildings, like the Texas Department of Transportation Public schools and open-enrollment charter schools Public universities The law provides a few exemptions on when people are allowed into restrooms not matching their sex assigned at birth: Those entering to render emergency medical assistance to someone Workers or custodial staff cleaning the facilities, doing maintenance or performing inspections Law enforcement purposes Those accompanying someone who needs assistance using the facility Children aged 9 or younger who are accompanied by an adult Institutions are also allowed to have single-person facilities, like family bathrooms, that anyone can use. The law also creates two additional requirements: one for Texas Department of Criminal Justice prisons and another for family violence shelters that have contracts with the Health and Human Services Commission. TDCJ prisons must house inmates based on their sex assigned at birth, however a TDCJ spokesperson confirmed the agency already does so for the roughly 1,750 trans inmates in its facilities. SB 8 also mandates that shelters “designed specifically to provide services to female victims” can only serve those who are assigned female at birth, or children of victims aged 17 or younger. Molly Voyles, director of public policy for the Texas Council on Family Violence, said that because federal grant requirements for shelters require they serve people regardless of sex, SB 8 may not apply to any receiving those grants. “We certainly continue to analyze the bill, and impact and what our member agencies report to us, because they’re the ones who stand with survivors every day, who are fleeing,” Voyles said. “But our initial assessment is this law will not apply to many shelters at all, and that stays consistent to what we stated to lawmakers during session as well.” An HHSC spokesperson declined to answer questions about whether shelters receiving federal grants would be exempt under SB 8’s definition, but that “HHSC requires all grantees to comply with all applicable Texas and federal laws.” How will Senate Bill 8 be enforced? SB 8 does not include any specific guidance for institutions on how to enforce its restrictions on restrooms, except that they must take “every reasonable step” to ensure people are using facilities matching their sex assigned at birth. Some agencies have confirmed to The Texas Tribune they are in the process of creating policies, while others have said they do not plan on making changes because they already comply with the law’s requirements. The agency then has three days to “cure” the violation, which Orr said in an August House committee hearing could be done by adjusting policy or signage, before any investigation by the attorney general can begin.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17219970/texas-bathroom-bill-enforcement-questions
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback On Thursday, a new state law will add another layer of anxiety to Simon Shepherd’s already busy life: he has to worry — even more so than usual — about going to the bathroom. How state agencies and schools will enforce SB 8 when it takes effect, however, is still unclear, as the language of the law lacks specific guidance on what policies or practices institutions should use. And while Texas is not the first to implement a bathroom bill, it contains vague guidance for agencies while simultaneously applying some of the highest fines in the country to those that fail to enforce the new law. That confusion, which opponents of the law have said is intentional, has made Shepherd and others more frustrated than afraid as they seek to navigate their daily lives when SB 8 goes into effect. “It is a scary concept to know that every single time I go to the bathroom at the university that I’m paying to be at, to get an education to better my life and the environment around me, [I’m] breaking a law that has been fearmongered and made to scare transgender individuals out of the public,” Shepherd said. Shepherd said he’ll likely feel the effects of SB 8 the most at the university he goes to, which he asked The Texas Tribune not to name out of fear for his safety. “I understand that that is breaking a law, however, I will not bend the knee on that one.” The enforcement question There is little information or evidence of other bathroom bills being meaningfully enforced by other states, said Shannon Minter, vice president of legal for the National Center for LGBTQ Rights. A spokesperson with the Texas Department of Transportation said it already complies with SB 8, but did not respond to questions as to what policies it had that meet compliance. A Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesperson said the agency has no policy updates to make in response to SB 8 for its staff or for the 1,750 trans inmates housed in its facilities. While SB 8 has an additional requirement for prisons that states inmates must be housed according to their sex assigned at birth, TDCJ confirmed it already complies with the new rule. Other institutions, like the Texas Health and Human Services Commission and the Texas Tech University System, said they are in the process of implementing the law’s requirements but did not share details. Many of the institutions the Tribune reached out to, including multiple cities, the Texas Education Agency and most of the state’s university systems, did not respond to questions about any changes being made in response to SB 8. And there’s already a gold standard in the state to follow, said Mary Elizabeth Castle, director of government relations at Texas Values, a statewide nonprofit that has advocated for years for bathroom bills in the Texas Legislature. A Carroll ISD spokesperson confirmed in a statement that the policy has been in place since July 2023 without major issues, but said they could not locate the policy to provide its specifics. “Regardless, we have had no complaints, complications [or] challenges regarding this policy since its implementation.” Castle said one caveat allowing easier enforcement at public schools is that most students have birth certificates or other identification on file, making it simpler to enforce the law. “What this does is create enforcement on the governmental entities that need to set these policies to separate men and women, male and female in private spaces, so it doesn’t create any new criminal penalties,” Middleton said during floor debate during the first special legislative session, when the bathroom bill was filed as Senate Bill 7. Angelia Orr, SB 8’s House sponsor, said in a heated August committee hearing that enforcement would be based on how someone looks, though the Itasca Republican later walked back that assertion during floor discussion. During that same public testimony and others, those opposed to bathroom bills frequently expressed concern that the lack of enforcement guidance could lead to state agencies requiring ID verification or physical inspections, which Middleton and supporters of the bill have denied. “The public generally is not clear on whether a law applies to public or private settings, so these laws just generally promote the kind of terrible mindset that encourages some people to feel that they’ve been deputized to question anyone’s gender,” Minter said. SB 8 creates a form of passability politics among cisgender people, too, she described, in that everyone will be under pressure to appear in a way that does not attract scrutiny. You’re not what we deem as a society to be a woman.’ And so cisgender individuals will also, in this case, be harassed.” Individuals can file complaints to the state attorney general’s office if they believe someone is in the wrong restroom, but false reports will be handled on a “policy by policy basis,” Orr said during floor debate on the bill. “I believe that at the end of the day, it’s going to be about those examples where it’s very well known that something is not right and a woman felt uncomfortable,” Castle said. “And that the city outright is going to be responsible for setting a policy that they expect everyone to enter a social contract to follow.” The end result of the law is that everyone will feel uncomfortable, Shepherd said. “Not because there’s a transgender person, period, in a bathroom, but because to your daughter and to the rest of the world and to myself, I’m a man, and now you want to put me in there just because of something that was originally on my birth certificate.” Reluctant fighters A handful of bathroom bills, including SB 8, allow the state Attorney General’s office or similar body to investigate agencies that receive complaints of noncompliance. Agencies will have 15 days after its first violation to address any issues and avoid the first-time $25,000 fee, but would lose that grace period for future complaints if a court finds them liable. But in Texas, Attorney General Ken Paxton has become known for regularly launching investigations into schools, hospitals and sports clubs because of their policies on trans people — often the precursor to lawsuits — long before SB 8’s passage. “I think there hasn’t necessarily been any particular policy that people are super-focused on as much as feeling an overwhelm of all of these policies that were passed, unfortunately,” Schelling said. The biennial pushes at the Texas Capitol against trans people have been exhausting, Shepherd, Schelling and Monroe all said, but it’s done something else, too: it’s made them somewhat reluctant fighters, as Shepherd called it. “At the end of the day, I’m just trying to go pee in the bathroom.” Disclosure: The Texas Tech University System has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/intel-stock-holds-10percent-rise-after-analyst-predicts-major-apple-deal.html
Article: Intel stock held a sharp hike in pretrading on Monday, after the stock surged on Friday when an analyst predicted the chip giant was nearing a deal to supply Apple in 2027. Shares in Intel rose 10% on Friday after TF International Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo posted on X that he expected Intel to begin shipping its lowest-end M processor to Apple as early as second or third quarter 2027. He said that his latest industry surveys indicate that "visibility on Intel becoming an advanced-node supplier to Apple has recently improved significantly." Intel stock fell 0.59% as of 6.26am ET on Monday in early pretrading. Kuo added that the timeline of the partnership is contingent on the development process after Intel releases its process design kit — the blueprint from which Apple's engineers can build the chips — which is expected early 2026.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/ubs-calls-this-used-car-retailer-a-true-disruptor-and-share-gainer.html
Article: Analyst Joseph Spak applauded Carvana's potential as a "true disruptor and share gainer in highly fragmented market." He believes that growth at the company is driven by a migration to online sales and its e-commerce platform, which offers customers a "better experience and often a better price." CVNA YTD mountain CVNA YTD chart "CVNA has a differentiated, best-in-class online platform and customer experience that positions them to gain share in the large but fragmented used vehicle market," he wrote. While Carvana's retail gross profit per unit is already around two times the industry average, Spak pointed out that the company is growing significantly faster — and that this profitable growth appears to be sustainable. "We believe the company is well positioned to improve GPU as they continue to generate more efficiencies and unlock savings from investments in inspection and reconditioning centers (IRC) as well as continued integration of ADESA auction sites," he added. "This should not only allow for sufficient capacity to hit their ~3mm unit target within 5-10 years but also drive higher GPUs." Because of Carvana's unique status as both an auto retail and internet marketplace company, Spak said that his multiple implies stronger growth and sits above other auto retailers and closer to higher-growth internet firms.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/1/flooding-recovery-efforts-underway-in-indonesia-sri-lanka-and-thailand?traffic_source=rss
Article: Indonesia’s president tells survivors of last week’s devastating floods that help is arriving for those in need, as Asian governments scale up their responses to a disaster that has left more than 1,000 dead in three countries. Hundreds more are missing following flooding and landslides in the past week, which killed at least 502 people in Indonesia, 335 in Sri Lanka, and 176 in Thailand, authorities said. Nearly 148,000 people are housed in temporary shelters after being battered over the past week by downpours that flooded homes, fields, and roads, and triggered landslides – primarily in the tea-growing central hill country. Authorities in Thailand worked to clean up streets and restore infrastructure, including water and electricity, in the southern part of the country where severe flooding affected more than 1.4 million households and 3.8 million people, said the government spokesperson Siripong Angkasakulkiat.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1m8nmx75evo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Four dead in Russian attack as diplomatic efforts to end war continue Dnipro, which lies around 100km (62 miles) from the front line, has frequently come under Russian attack since the start of Moscow's full-scale invasion in February 2022. Zelensky said on Monday that the talks had been "very constructive" but that there were some "tough issues" to be worked through - echoing Rubio's comments that the meeting had been "productive" but that there was "more work to be done". Russia has refused to back down from its core demand that Ukraine retreats from the areas of the Donbas region it still holds, which Kyiv maintains it will never do. In recent weeks, concern has grown in Kyiv and among Europeans that the US was becoming more amenable to Russia's demands than Ukraine's, and that Europe was being excluded from the negotiating table. His chief of staff Andriy Yermak, who had also led the Ukrainian delegation at peace talks, resigned on Friday after anti-corruption investigators raided his home - although he has not been accused of wrongdoing. On Sunday Trump told reporters on Air Force One that Ukraine had "some difficult little problems", referring to the scandal, and repeated his view that both Russia and Ukraine wanted to end the war. Tens of thousands of soldiers have been killed or injured, as well as thousands of civilians, and at least seven million people have become refugees, external since Russia invaded on 24 February 2022. The conflict between the two ex-Soviet states stretches back to 2014 when Ukraine's pro-Russian president was overthrown and Russia responded by annexing Crimea and supporting armed uprisings in eastern Ukraine.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ckg98544k55o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Paddington's West End musical declared a hit by critics 20 minutes ago Share Save Steven McIntosh Entertainment reporter Share Save Johan Persson The stage show is currently scheduled to play at the Savoy Theatre until October 2026 A new stage adaptation of Paddington has received rave reviews from critics following its West End premiere. The Guardian's five-star review said the show is "imaginatively staged, immaculately performed and utterly winning", while the Telegraph described it as a "funny, feel-good, family-friendly musical that looks set to run and run". Awarding four stars, the Times added: "Break open the marmalade: the West End has a new hit musical that will surely give Matilda a run for its money as a children's favourite." The stage musical, which is written by Jessica Swale and directed by Luke Sheppard, is adapted from the 2014 film and Michael Bond's original books. That feeling when you meet Paddington Bear IRL In a show that hinges on on a character who was computer-animated in the films, many critics praised the way Paddington is represented on stage. "Paddington is a small woman (Arti Shah) in a bear costume (by Gabriella Slade), with a regular-sized man (James Hameed) doing the voice and remote controlling the facial expressions from backstage," explained Time Out's Andrzej Lukowski. Furry but not too fluffy, endearing but not too cute, he has the slightly lived-in look of every favourite soft toy and is a beautifully pitched amalgam of real bear and ted." Getty Images The songs have been written by Tom Fletcher (second right), who attended the premiere with his McFly bandmates The musical, which has been in development for more than five years, is currently scheduled to play at the Savoy Theatre until October 2026. "At a time when the West End's filling up with underfunded, ill-considered riffs on big-name franchises, we're finally getting a show that's made with serious heart, dedication, and enough spectacular special effects to thrill its audiences," wrote the Independent's Alice Saville. "It's almost palpably eager to please – and if you don't welcome it right into your heart, you might want to check there's not some marmalade gumming it shut." Johan Persson The show follows Paddington as he arrives in London and is taken in by the Brown family However, although critics heaped praise on the show as a whole, several added a note of scepticism to their reviews. and even when everything around him seems teetering on the brink of disintegration, he has only to toddle into view to restore your faith," according to Sam Marlowe of the Stage. "But whatever the faults of the show, it's sweeter than a marmalade sandwich, and if the cuddly creation at its heart doesn't make it a hit, I'll eat his hat." The Telegraph's Dominic Cavendish awarded four stars and also noted a couple of drawbacks, writing: "Is this a new classic on a par with Mary Poppins or Matilda? Of course we will." Meanwhile, the Guardian's Arifa Akbar added: "The final few scenes feel extraneous and it is slightly over-long, but you would have to be a cynic yourself to find fault in this gorgeous world of bearish adventure." Johan Persson The cast also features actress and Loose Women panelist Brenda Edwards and Timi Akinyosade

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c865jlpjqj0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Max Verstappen's race engineer Gianpiero Lambiase said over team radio to the Dutchman that it "looked like" Antonelli had "just pulled over and let Norris through" after the Italian ran wide at Turn 10 on the penultimate lap and lost fourth place to the McLaren driver. The incident resulted in Norris gaining an extra two points, meaning the Briton leads Verstappen by 12 points rather than 10 going into a three-way title decider in Abu Dhabi this weekend. A Red Bull statement issued on Monday said: "Comments made before the end of and immediately after the Qatar GP suggesting that Mercedes driver Kimi Antonelli had deliberately allowed Lando Norris to overtake him are clearly incorrect. We sincerely regret that this has led to Kimi receiving online abuse." The Red Bull statement stopped short of an apology for the accusation that Antonelli had deliberately let Norris through.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/g-s1-99886/up-first-newsletter-national-guard-immigration-venezuela-drug-boats-ukraine-negotiations
Article: Tim Kaine (D-Va.) stated that if this were true, it would violate the Department of Defense's laws of war and international laws concerning the treatment of individuals in such situations. Secretary of State Marco Rubio, White House envoy Steve Witkoff and Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner yesterday hosted a Ukrainian delegation for talks in an effort to end the war in Ukraine. 🎧 Witkoff goes into his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the heels of a recently leaked transcript that seemed to show him coaching the Kremlin on how to engage with Trump, NPR's Charles Maynes notes. Sponsor Message Cost of living toggle caption Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images NPR's series Cost of Living: The Price We Pay is examining what's driving price increases and how people are coping after years of stubborn inflation. Jeanine Skowronski, a finance journalist and founder of the newsletter "Money As If," speaks with Morning Edition host A Martínez to share tips on managing financial stress while shopping during this time of year. Life advice toggle caption Screenshots by NPR/Collage by Emily Bogle/NPR AI-generated videos seem to be everywhere these days, leaving many people confused about what is real and what is fake. 3 things to know before you go toggle caption Michel Euler/AP The painting Christ on the Cross, which was rediscovered last year after being lost for over 400 years, was sold yesterday at the Osenat auction house in Versailles for $2.7 million. Luigi Mangione, the man accused of assassinating UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson a year ago, returns to court this week as his lawyers ask a Manhattan judge to toss out some evidence in the case.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5626728/pope-leo-lebanon-middle-east
Article: Pope Leo visits a wounded Lebanon in his first trip to the Middle East toggle caption Domenico Stinellis/AP BEIRUT — Pope Leo XIV is in Lebanon on his first visit to the Middle East since he was chosen as leader of the world's Catholics in May. The pope arrived Sunday evening from Turkey, his first foreign destination, where he commemorated the 1,700th anniversary of the First Council of Nicaea in present-day Iznik, the origin of a testament of faith still recited world-wide in churches today. On Monday morning, well-wishers, many wearing rain-coats, lined the roads behind a metal railing under drizzly skies as his convoy made its way through the winding roads near Beirut to the mountain-top tomb of a 19th century hermit now recognized as Saint Charbel Makhlouf. Sponsor Message At the tomb of the saint recognized for his miracles of healing, Pope Leo spoke of Charbel's silence, humbleness and poverty, which he described as "radical" qualities counter-cultural to modern life. The pope presented a gift of a hand-made votive lamp entwined with silver olive branches, saying he entrusted "Lebanon and its people to Saint Charbel so they would always walk in the light of Christ." Lebanon played an important role in the history of early Christianity. He spoke about the future of the Church in Lebanon and listened to a priest, a nun, and a domestic worker describe the suffering of Christians and Muslims during recent conflicts. A priest from the north of Lebanon, Yohanna Fuad Fahad, described trying to help Syrian refugees who flooded across the border during Syria's 14-year-long civil war only to be faced with Lebanon's economic crisis and left with no electricity, running water or any way to make a living. A nun, Sister Dima, related her decision to stay in Balbaak, a mostly Shiite town in the Bekaa valley, during the war between Israel and the militant group Hezbollah, to be able to care for Christian and Muslim families in need. And a church volunteer and domestic worker from the Philippines who gave her name only as Lauren, described a small family of foreign workers deliberately locked in a house by their employer who fled during the fighting. Pope Leo spoke of the need to offer opportunities to young people: "It is necessary, even among the rubble of a world that has its own painful failures, to offer them concrete and viable prospects for rebirth and future growth." Sponsor Message No Visit to the South The papal convoy drove on newly paved roads — the same roads that had been previously abandoned by Lebanon's financial and economic ongoing crisis. "They started work on the roads in 2018 and then stopped because of the economic crisis and the coronavirus lockdown and then everything else," says Hanady Moukawem, head of the municipality of Daroun-Harissa, just before the visit. According to local church officials, the Vatican decided it was too potentially dangerous to visit the south of Lebanon where Israel has launched almost daily attacks despite a year-old ceasefire. Hezbollah - the Lebanese Shia militia and political party - has held its fire since the ceasefire and is under intense pressure from the Lebanese government to give up its remaining weapons. In the Lebanese village of Canaa, where Jesus is said to have performed his first miracle of turning water into wine, Christians now comprise only about 10 percent of the population.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/icc-president-vows-resist-us-russian-pressure-despite-127994201
Article: The president of the International Criminal Court says the institution will not bow to pressure from the United States and Russia ICC president vows to resist US and Russian pressure despite sanctions and threats FILE - A general view of the exterior of the International Criminal Court is seen in The Hague, Netherlands, March 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Omar Havana, File) THE HAGUE, Netherlands -- The president of the International Criminal Court said during the institution's annual meeting Monday that it will not bow to pressure from the United States and Russia. The court has issued an arrest warrant for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his former defense minister, Yoav Gallant, for alleged war crimes over Israel's military offensive in Gaza after the deadly Oct. The ICC was established in 2002 as the world’s permanent court of last resort to prosecute individuals responsible for the most heinous atrocities — war crimes, crimes against humanity, genocide and the crime of aggression.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/airbus-a320-jets-now-software-fix-100-planes-127994182
Article: Airbus has updated most of its 6,000 A320 passenger jets to fix a software glitch that could affect flight controls Airbus says most A320 jets now have software fix; less than 100 planes left to update FILE - A TAP Air Portugal Airbus A320 is silhouetted against the setting moon while approaching for landing in Lisbon, Portugal, June 23, 2024. (AP Photo/Armando Franca, File) LONDON -- Airbus said that most of its fleet of 6,000 A320 passenger jets have received an update to fix a software glitch that could have affected flight controls. The European planemaker said in an update Monday that the “vast majority” of the short-haul passenger jets in service “have now received the necessary modifications.” “We are working with our airline customers to support the modification of less than 100 remaining aircraft to ensure they can be returned to service,” Toulouse, France-based Airbus said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/uk-leader-keir-starmer-backs-treasury-chief-claims-127994017
Article: British Prime Minister Keir Starmer has defended his Treasury chief Rachel Reeves against claims she misled the public about government finances before last week's tax-hiking budget Britain's Prime Minister Keir Starmer delivers a speech, backing the Budget to signal a fresh push on welfare reform, in central London, Monday, Dec. (Gareth Fuller/Pool Photo via AP) LONDON -- British Prime Minister Keir Starmer on Monday defended his Treasury chief against opposition claims that she misled the public and the markets about the state of the public finances before last week’s budget. Starmer said “there was no misleading” in the run-up to Chancellor of the Exchequer Rachel Reeves' tax-hiking budget, which the government hopes will raise money to reduce government borrowing, invest in infrastructure and public services, ease the cost of living and spur elusive economic growth. Three weeks before the budget, Reeves made a speech to prepare the public and markets for a rise in income tax rates, which would have broken a key election promise. And that was why I would need to ask people to contribute more.” The government was elected in a landslide victory in July 2024 on a promise not to raise taxes on income for working people. Some of the budget’s 26 billion pounds ($34 billion) in tax hikes, largely to increase the buffer available to the government for any future shocks, broke the spirit if not the letter of that promise. Starmer hit back in a speech Monday at a community center in London, saying his government had inherited “public finances and public services in total crisis” after 14 years of Conservative government. “Bit by bit, you will see a country that no longer feels the burden of decline.” He said the government would push forward with two potentially risky tasks: cutting Britain’s ballooning welfare bill and moving closer to the European Union.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/morgan-stanley-hikes-price-targets-for-two-chipmakers.html
Article: "Customers' biggest anxiety for the next 12 months is their ability to procure enough NVIDIA product generally, and Vera Rubin specifically." NVDA YTD mountain NVDA YTD chart Moore said that his multiple assumption still trades at a discount to peer Broadcom but at a premium to the broader semiconductor group, "albeit a narrowing one as the absolute level of margins and revenue make multiple expansion more challenging." The analyst also stood by his overweight rating for Broadcom and raised his price target to $443 from $409. "Google's Tensor processor supply chain — designed and sold by AVGO — is getting revised higher, but this is slightly at the expense of other Broadcom customers — and the homegrown version is also a major focus," he wrote. "Even before the positive reviews of Gemini created the current wave of enthusiasm, we heard multiple sources of TPU being revised up, from analog companies, from memory companies, and from ODM partners." However, he added the caveat that this is replacing other chip expectations for Broadcom.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/australia-charges-four-men-over-satanic-child-sex-abuse-material?traffic_source=rss
Article: The New South Wales (NSW) police said on Monday they had charged the four with dozens of criminal offences after executing six search warrants at several addresses in Sydney last week. The operation came after an investigative team codenamed Strike Force Constantine uncovered a paedophile network based in Sydney that distributed abuse material involving “ritualistic or satanic themes”, the NSW police said. The men face more than 20 charges related to possessing and distributing child abuse material as well as bestiality, with some of them also facing charges for drug possession, not complying with reporting obligations and contravening a prohibition order, according to police. “Due to the nature of the material that they were sharing and the conversations that we became aware of, we were concerned about any children that these people might come in contact with as a result of that,” Superintendent Jayne Doherty, commander of the sex crimes squad, told a news conference. “Police will allege in court that this international group were engaging in conversations and the sharing of material which depicted child abuse and the torture of children involving symbols and rituals linked to Satanism and the occult,” Doherty said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/bangladeshs-ex-leader-sheikh-hasina-and-british-mp-niece-found-guilty?traffic_source=rss
Article: A court in Dhaka has sentenced former Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in absentia to five years in prison and her niece, British MP Tulip Siddiq to two, for corruption in a case involving the acquisition of plots of land. Rabiul Alam, the judge of Dhaka’s Special Judge’s Court, said on Monday that Hasina – who has lived in exile in India since being toppled in an uprising last year – misused her power as premier in the transaction. Siddiq, an MP for the United Kingdom’s governing Labour party, was found guilty of corruptly influencing Hasina to help her mother – Sheikh Rehana, Hasina’s sister – and two siblings acquire the plot in a government project in Dhaka. Rehana, who is reportedly no longer based in Bangladesh, was sentenced to seven years in prison in absentia, with the trio also fined 100,000 taka ($820) each, which would result in an additional six months in prison if they failed to pay, the court said. Khan Mainul Hasan, prosecutor for the Anti-Corruption Commission, said his team had details of Siddiq’s correspondence with Salahuddin Ahmed, Hasina’s principal secretary, exposing her role in the case, the AFP news agency reported. “Tulip insisted that her aunt Sheikh Hasina allocate plots for her mother and siblings, as she herself took three – one for her and two for her children,” Hasan said. “She called [Ahmed], communicated via some encrypted apps, and even met him while she was in Dhaka.” Advertisement Charges ‘politically motivated’ Hasina and Siddiq – who did not appoint lawyers to defend the charges – have dismissed them as politically motivated. Her Awami League party said in a statement sent to The Associated Press news agency that the verdict was “entirely predictable”, and that Bangladesh’s anticorruption watchdog was “a political mechanism used for political ends”. Her ties to her aunt led her to resign in January as the UK’s minister responsible for financial services and anticorruption efforts, saying the scrutiny over the relationship was becoming “a distraction from the work of the government”. Her resignation came after an investigation by Prime Minister Keir Starmer’s ethics adviser into Siddiq’s links to her aunt’s regime, which found she had not breached the ministerial code, but recommended that Starmer reconsider her responsibilities, the PA Media news agency reported. The prosecution said Siddiq was tried as a Bangladeshi citizen, AP reported, with authorities saying they had obtained a Bangladeshi passport, national identity card and tax number for the British MP. On Thursday, another court sentenced Hasina in absentia to 21 years in separate cases involving the same township project, finding her guilty of illegally securing plots of land in the Dhaka development for herself and her family, despite their ineligibility.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/lawmakers-voice-support-congressional-reviews-trumps-military-strikes-boats/18233287/
Article: military strikes against vessels suspected of smuggling drugs in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean, citing a published report that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth issued a verbal order for all crew members to be killed as part of a Sept. The lawmakers said they did not know whether last week's Washington Post report was true, and some Republicans were skeptical, but they said attacking survivors of an initial missile strike poses serious legal concerns. 2 attack "is completely outside anything that has been discussed with Congress and there is an ongoing investigation." The comments from lawmakers during news show appearances come as the administration escalates a campaign to combat drug trafficking into the U.S. After the Post's report, Hegseth said Friday on X that "fake news is delivering more fabricated, inflammatory, and derogatory reporting to discredit our incredible warriors fighting to protect the homeland." "Our current operations in the Caribbean are lawful under both U.S. and international law, with all actions in compliance with the law of armed conflict-and approved by the best military and civilian lawyers, up and down the chain of command," Hegseth wrote. Jack Reed, said in a joint statement late Friday that the committee "will be conducting vigorous oversight to determine the facts related to these circumstances." That was followed Saturday with the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Republican Rep. Adam Smith, issuing a joint statement saying the panel was committed to "providing rigorous oversight of the Department of Defense's military operations in the Caribbean." "We take seriously the reports of follow-on strikes on boats alleged to be ferrying narcotics in the SOUTHCOM region and are taking bipartisan action to gather a full accounting of the operation in question," Rogers and Smith said, referring to U.S. I don't think he would be foolish enough to make this decision to say, kill everybody, kill the survivors because that's a clear violation of the law of war," Bacon said. "So, I'm very suspicious that he would've done something like that because it would go against common sense." Kaine and Turner appeared on CBS' "Face the Nation," and Bacon was on ABC's "This Week."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/eli-lilly-prices-zepbound-weight-loss-drug-vials.html
Article: Eli Lilly on Monday said it is lowering the cash prices of single-dose vials of its blockbuster weight loss drug Zepbound on its direct-to-consumer platform, LillyDirect, building on efforts by the company and the Trump administration to make the medicine more accessible. Starting Monday, cash-paying patients with a valid prescription can get the starting dose of Zepbound vials for as low as $299 per month on LillyDirect, down from a previous price of $349 per month. They can also access the next dose – 5 milligrams – for $399 per month and all other doses for $449 per month, down from $499 per month across those sizes. Eli Lilly's announcement comes just weeks after President Donald Trump inked deals with Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk to make their GLP-1 drugs easier for Americans to get and afford. The agreements will cut the prices the government pays for the drugs, introduce Medicare coverage of obesity drugs for the first time for certain patients and offer discounted medicines on the government's new direct-to-consumer website launching in January, TrumpRx. But Eli Lilly's deal with Trump centers around lowering the prices of a different form of Zepbound – a multi-dose pen – after it wins Food and Drug Administration approval. "We will keep working to provide more options – expanding choices for delivery devices and creating new pathways for access – so more people can get the medicines they need," said Ilya Yuffa, president of Lilly USA and global customer capabilities, in a statement. The company also launched a temporary introductory offer, which will allow new cash-paying patients to access the two lowest doses of Wegovy and Ozempic for $199 per month for the first two months of treatment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/monday-stocks-from-analyst-calls-like-nvidia.html
Article: BMO upgrades Old Dominion to outperform from market perform BMO said the freight company is "disciplined." "While the prolonged freight recession has weighed on the results and share price, ODFL has remained disciplined, executing its proven playbook: maintaining industry-leading service levels, strong pricing power, and ample capacity to capture recovery." Guggenheim reiterates Alphabet as buy Guggenheim raised its price target on the stock to $375 per share from $330. "Our increased confidence stems from three key developments: (1) exceptional cloud backlog growth supported by surging enterprise AI demand, (2) YouTube's sustained dominance in streaming viewership with improving monetization dynamics, and (3) Google Gemini's emergence as a leading AI platform with rapidly growing adoption metrics." Read more. "We expect WeRide to ramp up its fleet size and turn profitable in 2029, driven by (1) a broader overseas rollout of robotaxi services, supported by partnerships and first-mover advantages; (2) improving profitability of robotaxi in China market, thanks to better economies of scale; (3) ramp up of robobuses, robovans and robosweepers business, leveraging the WeRide One platform." Goldman Sachs upgrades Chime Financial to buy from neutral Goldman said investors should buy the dip in the financial services company. "We are upgrading shares of Chime to Buy with a $27 price target for ~28% upside to shares." UBS initiates Carvana as buy UBS said the online used car company is best-in-class. It has partnered with GE to build a hybrid vehicle for defense, and has taken a team approach to selling motors and chargers to competitors, which will help it scale." Jefferies upgrades BankUnited to buy from hold Jefferies said the regional bank is an attractive M & A candidate. "Raising target to $305 (was $290) while reiterating Outperform rating after our analysis of AWS [Amazon Web Services] capacity commentary suggests significant upside through 2027." HSBC upgrades Chevron to buy from hold HSBC said buy the dip in shares of Chevron. We think negativity around potential acquisitions is overdone, as we expect any deals to be beneficial to CVX." JPMorgan reiterates Apple as overweight The firm said its iPhone checks show lead times increasing. "In Week 12 of our Apple Product Availability Tracker, lead times across the iPhone 17 series increased by one day, which is largely in-line with seasonality for this time of year due to Black Friday related increase in consumer demand." Jefferies initiates Power Solutions as buy Jefferies said the power systems company is a data center beneficiary. The company designs, engineers, manufactures, markets, and sells a broad range of advanced, emission-certified engines and power systems that are powered by a wide variety of clean, alternative fuels." Jefferies initiates Goosehead Insurance Jefferies said it's bullish on shares of the insurance company. " BLLN is a molecular diagnostics company that leverages proprietary single molecule next-generation sequencing technology (smNGS) used in prenatal and oncology testing." Seaport reiterates Nvidia as sell Seaport said it sees too much competition for Nvidia. These measures are not fully reflected in financials, but they are already material and look likely to grow significantly next year." TD Cowen reiterates Tesla as buy TD Cowen said Tesla's robotaxi is best positioned. Rides were impressive all around, with two notably complex scenarios (emergency vehicles & construction site) handled very well." Morgan Stanley reiterates Nvidia and Broadcom as overweight The firm raised its price target on Nvidia to $250 per share from $235 and on Broadcom to $443 per share from $409. "The launch of Wynn Al Marjan in the UAE in 1Q27, plus WYNN's best-in-class Las Vegas assets, leverage to a higher-income consumers, a strong 2026 Las Vegas event calendar, and an improving backdrop in Macau should drive transformative upside at WYNN." Loop initiates Ceva as buy Loop said the semiconductor company is too attractive to ignore. (CEVA) with a Buy rating and $28 price target." Morgan Stanley reiterates Marvell as equal weight Morgan Stanley raised its price target on Marvell ahead of earnings on Tuesday to $86 per share from $76.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/fsa-balance-deadline.html
Article: 31 deadline to spend their FSA money and end up forfeiting it to their companies is between 40% and 50%, according to ongoing research from the Employee Benefit Research Institute, which began tracking FSA data in 2019. "People tell us one of the main reasons they forfeit FSA funds is because they aren't aware that they have a deadline in the first place, or they don't know how much they have left in their account," said Rachel Rouleau, chief compliance officer for Health E-Commerce, parent company of FSA Store. As health-care costs have risen over the years — at a rate outpacing overall inflation — FSAs have grown in popularity as a way for workers to set aside pretax money to cover health expenses. Nearly three-quarters — 72% — of state and local government workers and 47% of private-sector workers had access to a health FSA in 2024, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. While both let you set aside pretax money for health care expenses, HSAs do not come with a use-it-or-lose-it provision — you can leave the money in the account as long as you want. Also, see if your employer offers either a grace period of up to 2.5 extra months to spend your balance on eligible new expenses or allows you to carry over a set amount — up to $660 this year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/guggenheim-sees-more-gains-ahead-for-alphabet-due-to-growing-cloud-demand.html
Article: GOOGL YTD mountain GOOGL YTD chart "We expect Alphabet to outperform consensus estimates and see additional relative multiple expansion on further investor confidence that artificial intelligence-driven changes in the business, advertising and consumer marketplaces are expansion opportunities," he wrote. The analyst pointed to three major catalysts going forward for Alphabet, with the first stemming from "exceptional cloud backlog growth supported by surging enterprise AI demand." In fact, the analyst cited upward revisions to Google Cloud segment revenue as a primary reason for him raising his 2026 and 2027 revenue and profit estimates for Alphabet. "While we believe that the company's recent share appreciation reflects positive sentiment on these themes, we see a plausible bull case at Cloud that would indicate consensus under-appreciates run-rate revenue potential by ~ $40bn based on backlog growth," Morris added. The analyst also pointed to YouTube's sustained dominance in streaming viewership alongside "structural viewership gains." More importantly, YouTube's monetization of this viewership is accelerating through avenues such as YouTube Shorts, which now earn more revenue per watch hour than traditional in-stream rates, he said. Since its release last month, Gemini 3.0 has been met with "overwhelmingly positive reception," with total Gemini monthly active users have swelled to 650 million from 350 million in March. "We believe this combination of consumer momentum and enterprise adoption positions Gemini to drive meaningful revenue contribution through Google Cloud, Workspace integration, and enhanced search capabilities in 2026-2027." Shares of Alphabet have surged 74% in 2025.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/1/spain-and-barcelona-star-bonmati-ruled-out-for-months-with-leg-fracture?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Spanish football federation said Bonmati finished the morning training session “in pain after a bad landing” during an accidental fall, before diagnosing her with “a fracture in her left fibula”. She is set to miss upcoming Champions League games against Benfica and Paris FC in December, as well as the Spanish Super Cup in January and various Liga F matches. The fracture comes after a standout year for the 27-year-old, who became the first player to win the Women’s Ballon d’Or three times, helped Barcelona secure a domestic treble, and reached the Euro 2025 final with Spain – albeit to lose on penalties to England.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/hpd-investigating-driver-runs-stop-sign-hits-officers-midtown-sunday/18233243/
Article: Driver admits to drinking after running stop sign, hitting HPD cruiser in Midtown, police say The crash happened just before midnight near the intersection of Tuam and Chenevert The crash happened just before midnight near the intersection of Tuam and Chenevert The crash happened just before midnight near the intersection of Tuam and Chenevert The crash happened just before midnight near the intersection of Tuam and Chenevert HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- At least four people were injured following a crash involving a Houston Police Department cruiser late Sunday evening, according to officials. RELATED: Officer injured after being hit by suspected drunk driver in north Houston, HPD says HPD said once they determine whether the driver was above the legal limit at the time of the crash, they will learn more about possible charges.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyvjye18e9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Jorja Smith's record label hits out at 'AI clone' song 47 minutes ago Share Save Mark Savage Music correspondent Share Save BBC Smith's vocals were allegedly copied in the creation of Haven's viral hit, I Run Brit Award-winning singer Jorja Smith's record label has said it wants a share of the royalties for a song it claims was created using an artificial intelligence "clone" of the singer's voice. It was heading for the charts in the UK and the US but was banned by streaming services after record industry bodies issued takedown notices, alleging the track violated copyright by impersonating another artist. Although I Run has now been re-released with new vocals, Smith's label FAMM said it believes the track was made with AI trained on her work, and is seeking compensation. Haven / Instagram Producer Waypoint confirmed the use of AI in a social media post Donaghue and Walker maintain that they wrote and produced the song - and even shared videos of their original computer files with Billboard magazine. are real and human, and all we want to do is make great music for other humans." Suno has admitted that its software was trained on copyrighted works, claiming that doing so was legal under the "fair use" laws - which allows copyrighted material to be quoted for purposes such as criticism, news reporting and research. Jorja Smith has won two Brit Awards, including best female artist in 2019 While their original version of I Run was suspended by both the Official Charts Company in the UK and the Billboard Charts in America, the replacement entered the UK Top 40 last week. "If we are successful in establishing that AI helped to write the lyrics and melody in I Run and are awarded a share of the song, we would seek to allocate each of Jorja's co-writers with a pro-rata share," it said. "This allocation would be based on the [percentage] of Jorja's catalogue that they have contributed to, as, ultimately, if AI helped to write I Run, it would have been trained on Jorja's catalogue of songs." Rise of AI music

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/givingtuesday-donate-annual-day-charitable-giving-127996450
Article: How to donate on the annual day of charitable giving Since it started as a hashtag in 2012, GivingTuesday, the Tuesday after Thanksgiving, has become one of the biggest fundraising days of the year for nonprofits in the U.S. But President Donald Trump’s tax and spending legislation, which passed in July, also included a new charitable deduction of up to $1,000 for individuals and $2,000 for married couples for the majority of tax filers. These major donors also make up an increasingly important share of overall charitable donations and are more likely to give than less economically well off households, according to a study from the Indiana University Lilly Family School of Philanthropy in partnership with Bank of America. Nonprofits are also letting potential supporters know about a range of new challenges this year, with many human service organizations seeing higher demand while facing cuts to government grants, especially last month's freeze of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, benefits. “You’re giving to the cause and you’re also saying, ‘I really care about what you care about.’” You could consider giving to organizations based in your community, whose impact will be felt locally. For years, GivingTuesday has been a major focus of fundraising for nonprofits, with many seeking to organize matching donations from major donors and to leverage their networks of supporters to contribute.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/stocks-making-big-moves-premarket-synopsys-moderna-coinbase-and-more.html
Article: Synopsys — The developer of design automation models and software jumped 8% after Nvidia invested $2 billion in Synopsys common stock at $414.79 per share as part of a broad strategic partnership. Goldman said the company has a "best-in-class" Las Vegas business, while improvement in China's Macao region can "drive transformative upside." Nvidia , Micron Technology , Marvell Technology — Some artificial intelligence-linked stocks traded down as investor concerns about an AI bubble grew. Moderna — The MRNA vaccine maker fell 4% after the FDA's Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research Director Vinay Prasad issued an internal memo that linked Moderna's Covid-19 vaccines to the death of 10 children, per the New York Times.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/-health-care-expenses-trade-offs.html
Article: Krisanapong Detraphiphat | Moment | Getty Images Rising health care expenses as part of an overall increase in the cost of living are forcing some Americans — including high earners — to make tough financial choices. This year, premiums for families with employer-sponsored plans rose 6%, more than twice the rate of inflation, at 2.7%, and outpacing wage growth of 4%, according to KFF, a non-profit health policy research firm. So there's going to be ailments, there's more heart disease, there's more diabetes, all of those things are trending higher, hence additional usage," said Kaleialoha Cadinha-Pua'a, CEO and chief investment officer of Cadinha & Company in Honolulu, which is ranked No. About 21% of all adults surveyed said health care and insurance are the expenses that have increased the most for them amid the rising cost of living, according to the 2026 KeyBank Financial Mobility Survey. As a direct result of the rising cost of living, 26% of all adults surveyed said they've drawn from emergency savings, and 12% have reduced retirement contributions to their 401(k) or IRA. "More investors now are having to worry about all these moving pieces and all these varying sizes of eggs in their baskets." Even as some Americans make intentional trade-offs to keep up with daily expenses, they're still watching their savings shrink, according to the KeyBank survey. "The vast majority of people I speak to — and I don't care how well educated they are, I don't care how much they earn — they don't understand what's in their health care. "They might be going along, everything's fine, and then, you know, stuff just happens, and we end up in the emergency room, or we end up with a surgery, and now all of a sudden, they're getting a bill for $5,000 and they're stunned," said Evans, who is also the author of "Emotionally Invested." Employers may change some of the plan terms — often, deductibles — to prevent premiums from rising further, which can result in higher out-of-pocket costs for employees, experts say. Optimize health-related accounts Momo Productions | Digitalvision | Getty Images Add up your potential out-of-pocket costs for an idea of how much you should have in savings for a health emergency. One strategy that can help: Take advantage of specialty health accounts that your employer may offer: A flexible spending account, or FSA, lets you pay for health care expenses, like co-pays, medications, or eyeglasses, with pre-tax dollars. "If you can afford not to touch that health savings account for current medical expenses, and you let that continue to grow, that can grow to be a really meaningful source of health care coverage down the road," said Emily Harper, a CFP with Monument Wealth Advisors in Alexandria, Virginia. "Realizing that inflation is very real for all Americans, and we're all dealing with it, I would just make sure that before people start hitting some of those levers in their personal situation, that they step back and ...

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/china-quashes-calls-for-accountability-over-deadly-hong-kong-blaze?traffic_source=rss
Article: Chinese authorities have arrested several activists and issued a stern warning to “anti-China and pro-chaos elements” amid criticism of the government’s response to Hong Kong’s deadliest fire in a generation. Authorities arrested ex-district Councillor Kenneth Cheung Kam-hung and an unidentified volunteer who managed supplies for survivors on Sunday, according to multiple reports, a day after the arrest of a university student on suspicion of sedition. On Saturday, authorities arrested Miles Kwan, a 24-year-old student at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, after he created an online petition calling for greater transparency and accountability from the government, multiple reports said. China’s national security office in Hong Kong appeared to condemn the petition before its removal, accusing activists of using “the banner of ‘petitioning the people’ to incite confrontation and tear society apart.” Advertisement Hong Kong’s Office for Safeguarding National Security also accused figures with “sinister intentions” of exploiting the fire to return the city to the “black-clad violence” that erupted during mass antigovernment protests in 2019. “Their actions are utterly devoid of conscience and humanity.” ‘Outrageous’ The crackdown is the latest sign of the narrowing space for dissent in Hong Kong following Beijing’s sweeping overhaul of the semi-autonomous territory’s political and legal landscape in response to the 2019 demonstrations. China has repeatedly denied that Hong Kong’s civil liberties have deteriorated, insisting that the passage of two far-reaching national security laws have ensured that residents’ rights and freedoms are “even better protected” than before. Beijing has also argued that the legislation ensures the continuation of Hong Kong’s partial autonomy under “One Country, Two Systems,” the arrangement under which UK returned the territory to China in 1997. Nathan Law, an activist and critic of Beijing who served in Hong Kong’s legislature, called the authorities’ actions “outrageous” and the latest example of a “highly authoritarian trend” in the former British colony. Any civil actions without the government’s permission are now illegal,” Law, who lives in self-exile in the UK and is wanted by Hong Kong authorities on national security charges, told Al Jazeera. “If you look at the major newspapers in Hong Kong, there are very many various suggestions and… criticisms of the handling of the incident in Hong Kong, so by no means is there a general suppression of different views or criticisms of the government,” Tong told Al Jazeera. Advertisement Tong said that that while it would be inappropriate to comment on the cases of people who had yet to face the judicial process, the law allowed for “constructive” criticism of the authorities. “One must not simply make the case of a few arrests – the circumstances of which are still unclear – to come to the conclusion that the Hong Kong government are trying to stifle views which they don’t like,” he said. At least 151 people were killed in Wednesday’s blaze at a high-rise apartment complex in Hong Kong’s northern district of Tai Po, the worst fire in the city since at least 1948. The scale of the disaster has prompted scrutiny of safety standards in Hong Kong’s construction industry, with authorities honing in on how the use of substandard materials in renovation works on the block may have aided the fire’s rapid spread. Commission of Inquiry While the Hong Kong police and the city’s Independent Commission Against Corruption have launched separate investigations, the government has so far not indicated that it will establish an independent commission of inquiry. Past inquiries, which have been typically led by a judge, looked into tragedies including a 2012 ferry accident that left 39 people dead and a 1996 fire that cost 41 lives. Kevin Yam, a former lawyer in Hong Kong, said that Beijing could not tolerate public criticism of the official response to the fire as it was concerned that “the smallest spark of dissent can snowball into something bigger”. “Those who read George Orwell will know that phrase, ‘They who control the past control the present future, and they who control the present control the future.’ And the Communist Party of China has always been very good at that,” Yam, who is wanted by the Hong Kong authorities for alleged national security offences, told Al Jazeera. “They see that once they silence the dissent and the criticism, and then they flood the zone with favourable stories about how they handled things, then that becomes the official record of history.” Once known for its raucous media, vibrant civil society and political diversity, Hong Kong has dramatically curtailed the space for dissent since the 2019 protests. The mainland Chinese and Hong Kong governments have defended the laws as a proportionate response to the antigovernment protests, which began peacefully before descending into street battles between demonstrators and police, and other national security threats facing the territory. Advertisement In a speech marking the fifth anniversary of the 2020 law in June, Xia Baolong, Beijing’s top official for Hong Kong affairs, called the legislation a “guardian” of the city’s semi-autonomous status and stability.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/what-does-netanyahu-want-to-be-pardoned-for-and-is-it-possible?traffic_source=rss
Article: “So there is no assumption of responsibility … this might project a problematic message to all public figures and to what our public norms might look like.” What is Netanyahu accused of? Here’s a breakdown: Case 1000, the ‘Gifts Affair’ Netanyahu was charged in 2019, while he was prime minister, with fraud and breach of trust during his tenure as minister of communications from 2014 to 2017. As for Packer, media reports claimed that he was making big investments in Israel, and his lawyers had inquired about Israeli citizenship or residency for the billionaire, which would have benefitted him tax-wise. Case 2000, the ‘Netanyahu-Mozes affair’ This case also charges him with fraud and breach of trust, saying Netanyahu made a deal with businessman Aron Mozes, a controlling shareholder of the Israeli daily Yedioth Ahronoth, which was critical of Netanyahu. Case 4000, the ‘Bezeq affair’ This case indicts Netanyahu for granting regulatory favours to Israeli telecommunications company Bezeq in return for positive coverage on Walla, a news website controlled by its former chairman. Netanyahu “dealt on several occasions with regulatory matters pertaining to Mr Elovitch, and took specific actions that promoted significant business interests of Mr Elovitch of substantial financial value”, the indictment summary said. 2001-06 Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was accused of taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes in the late 1990s in what came to be known as the Greek Island affair.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/recommends-glp-1-drugs-obesity-rcna245919
Article: “They represent a new chapter in the gradual conceptual shift in how society approaches obesity — from a ‘lifestyle condition’ to a complex, preventable, and treatable chronic disease.” However, the guidelines also state that “medication alone cannot solve the global obesity burden.” Genetics and environmental factors, such as rising stress levels or increased exposure to processed foods, likely contribute as well. The class of medications being recommended, known formally as GLP-1 agonists, can suppress a person’s appetite by mimicking a hormone that signals to the brain when a person is full. In the U.S., 1 in 8 adults report that they’re currently taking a a GLP-1 drug for weight loss or another condition like diabetes, according to KFF, a nonprofit health think tank.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cze8n0753zzo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: WHO warning over shortage of obesity jabs 21 minutes ago Share Save Michelle Roberts Digital health editor Share Save Getty Images Fewer than one in 10 people who could benefit from obesity jabs like Wegovy are able to get them, warns the World Health Organization as it releases its first guidance on the drugs. "While medication alone won't solve this global health crisis, GLP-1 therapies can help millions overcome obesity and reduce its associated harms." WHO says these drugs, sometime called skinny jabs, represent a new chapter in the gradual conceptual shift in how society approaches obesity, from a "lifestyle condition" to a complex, preventable, and treatable chronic disease. Skinny jab shortage Even under the current best projected scenario, the production of GLP-1 therapies could only cover around 100 million people - less than 10% of those who need them, according to the WHO. A patent on semaglutide - the core ingredient of Novo Nordisk's Wegovy - is due to expire in several countries in 2026, meaning other drug-makers will soon be free to produce and sell cheap versions in places like India, Canada, China, Brazil and Turkey.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/melania-trump-reveals-white-house-holiday-decorations-theme-127998404
Article: Melania Trump has decorated the White House for the holidays, and her theme is “Home Is Where the Heart Is.” Christmas trees decorate the Cross Hall of the White House during a press preview of the Christmas decorations "Home is Where the Heart Is," Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) WASHINGTON -- WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump on Monday unveiled the White House holiday decorations and her theme is “Home Is Where the Heart Is,” her first since she resumed the role of first lady. In a change this year because the East Wing was torn down, the official White House Christmas tree, which is always on display in the Blue Room, also honors Gold Star families, those that lost a member during active-duty military service. That tree typically was in the East Wing and was the first one visitors saw after they entered through those doors, but the building and a covered walkway, or colonnade, connecting it to the White House were demolished by President Donald Trump in October as part of his plan to erect a large ballroom. “These moments remind us that the heart of America is strong and that Home Is Where The Heart Is.” The first lady selected every detail of the decor, the White House said. Public tours of the White House were suspended a few months ago because of the ballroom construction, but they are set to resume Tuesday with an updated route limited to the State Floor, the first lady’s office announced in October. A small army of volunteer decorators and others helped deck the halls of he Executive Mansion using 75 wreaths, 51 Christmas trees, more than 700 feet (213 meters) of garland, more than 2,000 strands of lights, over 25,000 feet (7,620 meters) of ribbon, over 2,800 gold stars, more than 10,000 butterflies and 120 pounds (54 kilograms) of gingerbread. The Green Room celebrates family fun, featuring portraits of the first and the current presidents, George Washington and Donald Trump, respectively, each made using more than 6,000 Lego puzzle pieces. Thousands of butterflies decorate the Red Room and its tree in a celebration of young people and tribute to Melania Trump's Fostering the Future initiative , which is part of her Be Best child-focused initiative, to support people who have been in foster care. The gingerbread White House on display in the State Dining Room shows off the mansion's South Portico and provides a glimpse into the Yellow Oval Room in the private living quarters on the second floor as it is currently decorated. The tapes were made by Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, a former friend and senior adviser to the first lady, who wrote a book about their relationship and shared the tapes with CNN, which broadcast them.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/west-african-bloc-delegation-arrives-guinea-bissau-talks-127997062
Article: ECOWAS delegation has arrived in Guinea-Bissau on Monday, as the military government which seized power in the country banned all demonstrations, strikes and activities regarded as threat to peace and stability BISSAU, Guinea-Bissau -- A delegation from the West African regional bloc known as ECOWAS arrived in Guinea-Bissau on Monday for mediation talks with the leaders of a coup over the “complete restoration of constitutional order”. The ECOWAS mission, led by its chairman and the President of Sierra Leone Julius Maada Bio, arrived as the military government — which seized power last Wednesday — banned all demonstrations, strikes and activities regarded as threat to peace and stability. The day after the coup, ECOWAS said suspended Guinea-Bissau from its decision-making bodies “until the restoration of full and effective constitutional order in the country.” It said its mediation team would travel to Bissau to “engage the leaders of the coup with a view to ensuring the full restoration of constitutional order.” UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres expressed grave concern over the events in Guinea-Bissau and condemned the coup. 23 general elections constitutes an unacceptable violation of democratic principles.” He called for the “immediate and unconditional restoration of constitutional order,” as well as the release of all detained officials, including electoral authorities, opposition leaders and other political actors. Guinea-Bissau, one of the world’s poorest countries, has been dogged by coups and attempted coups since its independence from Portugal more than 50 years ago, including a coup attempt in October.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/cameroons-top-opposition-leader-dies-after-weeks-detention-127995994
Article: The family and lawyer of Cameroon's top opposition leader say Anicet Ekane has died after weeks of detention at the age of 74 By NALOVA AKUA Associated Press and EMMANUEL TUMANJONG Associated Press DOUALA, Cameroon -- DOUALA, Cameroon (AP) — Cameroon's top opposition leader, Anicet Ekane, has died after weeks of detention at the age of 74, his lawyers and family said Monday, alleging that he had struggled to breathe but didn't receive proper care. Ekane was arrested in late October alongside other top figures of his African Movement for New Independence and Democracy party as protests rattled the country over allegations of fraud in presidential election. Ekane committed no crime, so we need to know why he was arrested and abandoned in the prison cell of the paramilitary gendarmerie.” Ekane was among opposition figures objecting to the result of the Oct. “He was receiving appropriate care from the Military Medical Corps, in conjunction with his personal physicians, and benefiting from additional follow-up care in local hospitals.” Ekane’s party called his death “murder” in a social media post. We spent the whole week alerting public authorities about his worsening health situation but nothing was done.” He did not say what his father was diagnosed with, describing it as “respiratory problems.” He added that he believed his father had been arrested for supporting Tchiroma, who fled to Gambia last month.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/formal-systems-stop-working-neighbors-turn-call-mutual-127997142
Article: Organizers say that interest in local, grassroots initiatives to meet community needs has been growing When formal systems stop working, neighbors turn to each other in what many call 'mutual aid' NEW YORK -- NEW YORK (AP) — “Times are tough. We take care of us." In early November, Kashish Ali posted those words to her Instagram story as part of a yearslong practice she's had to fundraise for food and drop it off at community fridges in Atlanta, where she's from, and now in New York, where she lives. A mantra of mutual aid is, “solidarity not charity.” Interest in mutual aid organizing often spikes in response to crises, like the COVID-19 pandemic and now, economic and political uncertainty under the second Trump administration. Aaron Fernando, who works as an organizer for Shareable, which publishes resources about mutual aid and cooperatives, said they saw huge interest in the Mutual Aid 101 webinars they launched earlier this year. “And that’s literally the whole thought process behind it is like, we’re scared and we need to huddle in and help each other.” She said people now reach out to them frequently to ask how to start their own mutual aid projects, which she encourages. But they make decisions collectively and rely extensively on volunteers, though they do pay some staff members, including Georgina Edmonds, who has lived in the neighborhood for more than 30 years. At a recent food distribution where they were handing out lentils, tofu, carrots, potatoes, onions, cabbage and apples, Edmonds said the group empowers its member to make decisions and shape the direction of their work. “It’s like, 'You know, you don’t have to keep asking, you can just do it.” ____ Associated Press coverage of philanthropy and nonprofits receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/mutual-aid-people-turning-informal-efforts-127996901
Article: “The exciting part about mutual aid is that you can really get together and help people in a really meaningful way just by pooling resources and being willing to reach out,” said Mary Zerkel, who lives in the Rogers Park neighborhood in Chicago. In 2019, Zerkel helped start a shared artist and community space in her neighborhood along with a local chapter of Food Not Bombs, a longstanding mutual aid group that distributes food. "You’re trying to be a neighbor helping a neighbor, so you can do the best that you can and try to be responsible and loving to your neighbors and build something slowly.” Many mutual aid networks are not incorporated as formal organizations or nonprofits.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/select/shopping/best-cyber-monday-deals-live-2025-rcna245873
Article: Trending Cyber Monday deals right now 4.5-star average rating from 12,485 reviews on Amazon According to NBC Select tech reporter Harry Rabinowitz, the Apple AirPods 4 are some of the best noise-cancelling earbuds for iPhone users. 4.6-star average rating from 3,048 reviews on Amazon You can put 20 ounces of coffee in this insulated, stainless steel tumbler, which keeps your beverages hot for up to 6 hours or cold for up to 24 hours, according to the brand. More trending deals Skims : Up to 30% off sitewide : Up to 30% off sitewide Ulta : Up to 40% off select products sitewide : Up to 40% off select products sitewide Hoka : Hoka members (which you can become for free) get 20% off all styles through Dec. 1 On : Up to 40% off last season's styles : Up to 40% off last season's styles Gap : Up to 50% off sitewide : Up to 50% off sitewide Aerie : Up to 50% off sitewide : Up to 50% off sitewide Disney +, Hulu Bundle : $4.99 per month for a year (61% off) through Dec. 1 Best Cyber Monday deals overall 4.7-star average rating from 46,446 reviews on Amazon I put these trackers in my bags, suitcases and wallet, as well as attach them to my keys, so I always know where my belongings are. 4.4-star average rating from 14,165 reviews on Amazon “I use this gel moisturizer on nights when my face is feeling particularly dry and I wake up the next day with soft, hydrated skin,” says NBC Select editorial projects manager Rebecca Rodriguez. “The thick jelly texture means a little goes a long way, so I spread a thin layer across my face and can still feel it in the morning.” The cream is made with collagen to firm and plumpen skin, as well as moisturizing ingredients like niacinamide, squalane and hyaluronic acid. 4.8-star average rating from 84,077 reviews on Amazon It’s always a good idea to have extra batteries at home, but they’re especially useful around the holidays to power string lights, toys and remotes. It’s 0.3 inches thin and weighs about as much as half of an iPhone, so it’s not bulky and doesn’t get in the way while you’re texting, scrolling or taking calls. 4.7-star average rating from 570,832 reviews on Amazon Once you connect devices like lamps, fans and coffee makers to Amazon’s smart plugs, you can control them remotely from the Alexa app or via voice commands. 4.8-star average rating from 122,477 reviews on Amazon LifeStraw’s personal water filter, which you use like a straw, is ideal for those who frequently hike or camp, and it’s a great addition to anyone’s emergency kit. It removes over 99% of bacteria, parasites and microplastics from water, and you can use it to filter 1,000 gallons before you need a new one, according to the brand. About six weeks later, you’ll get your results online, giving you information about your origins around the world and over 75 traits you may have a propensity for, like cilantro aversion and freckles. 4.5-star average rating from 21,919 reviews on Amazon This phone holder connects the tray on the back of an airplane seat, giving you a place to prop up your device while watching shows, scrolling through social media or reading. You can also fold it into a phone stand, as well as a compact disc that takes up very little space in your bag — for easy access, I slip it into an outside pocket of my backpack or suitcase. 4.6-star average rating from 96,407 reviews on Amazon Cosrx’s essence is made with 96% snail mucin, an ingredient that brightens, plumps and hydrates skin, as well as reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, according to the brand. Best Cyber Monday tech deals 4.6-star average rating from 67,587 reviews on Amazon Once you plug Amazon’s Fire Stick into your TV’s HDMI port, you can stream movies, shows and music from your favorite platforms in 4K Ultra HD. 4.6-star average rating from 400 reviews on Amazon The Birdie is one of our favorite personal safety keychains, and you can hook it to a bag with the included carabiner. 4.2-star average rating from 3,912 reviews on Amazon I swapped my phone’s blaring alarm for the Hatch Restore’s pleasant wake-up call years ago, and I use the device as a noise machine every night, too. The screen is also glare-free, which NBC Select senior editor Lindsay Schneider says is a game-changer, and a full battery gives you about 12 weeks of use, according to the brand — “I rarely ever charge it,” says Schneider. 4.7-star average rating from 5,438 reviews on Amazon I rely on the TheraGun Mini to relieve sore muscles pre- and post-workout, as well as to minimize tension in my back and shoulders after hunching over the computer. The massage gun connects to the Therabody app via Bluetooth, letting you use pre-programmed routines, and it offers about 180 minutes of battery life when fully charged, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 13,734 reviews on Amazon Marshall’s portable Bluetooth speaker gives you a surround-sound experience with rich, clear audio, and you get up to 30 hours of playtime on a single charge, according to the brand. 4.7-star average rating from 17,277 reviews on Amazon I have Aura’s digital picture frame displayed in my living room, and I love watching it flip through my favorite memories — my guests often compliment it, too, so I’ve gifted it to a few loved ones. Best Cyber Monday beauty and wellness deals 4.3-star average rating from 104,217 reviews on Amazon Color Wow’s Dream Coat spray helps hair repel moisture and humidity to prevent frizz, and it makes hair look glossy and smooth. “I’ve been using the spray for over two years and I don’t remember what it was like to blow dry my hair without it,” says associate commerce social editor Caitlin Cusack. “It makes a noticeable difference in my frizz and leaves my hair feeling soft for days between washes.” The brand recommends reapplying it every three to four shampoos, and there’s also a version for curly hair that I swear by. It’s also a heat protectant up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit, according to the brand, and I use it to break the cast on my curls when I style them with gel. 4.2-star average rating from 72,720 reviews on Amazon This cordless water flosser, which earned the American Dental Association’s Seal of Acceptance, is an effective alternative to string floss that helps remove gunk between your teeth. It comes with four interchangeable tips that rotate 360 degrees to reach all areas of your mouth, and it has three pressure settings, plus a 7-ounce removable reservoir that holds enough water for 45 seconds of use. 4.2-star average rating from 4,210 reviews on Amazon Upgrade your electric toothbrush with this rechargeable option from Philips, which has a built-in 2-minute timer and vibrates to scrub your teeth. “They feel soothing and hydrating the instant I put them on, and leave my skin glowy the next morning.” The sheet masks come individually wrapped in a pack of four and are soaked in a serum made from ingredients like niacinamide, collagen peptides and hyaluronic acid. 4.6-star average rating from 5,831 reviews on Amazon Kiehl’s Ultra Facial Cream is one of my go-to daily moisturizers because it’s gentle on my sensitive skin, never makes me break out and hydrates even the driest, flakiest patches. 4.4-star average rating from 15,264 reviews on Amazon “I wasn’t entirely convinced that a shower oil would leave me feeling clean, but this one from L’Occitane is now one of my bathroom essentials,” says Rodriguez. Its filter removes chlorine, heavy metals and other contaminants from water, and it comes with all the materials and instructions you need for installation (which takes less than 10 minutes). 4.1-star average rating from 19,138 reviews on Amazon Reduce how much noise you’re exposed to at concerts, in cities or while using public transportation by wearing Loop’s Quiet 2 Ear Plugs. 4.2-star average rating from 352 reviews on Amazon These eye patches are soaked in a serum made with ingredients like vitamin C, vitamin E, ferulic acid and caffeine to brighten the under-eye area, make skin appear firmer and reduce puffiness, according to the brand. Best Cyber Monday home deals 4.4-star average rating from 119,462 reviews on Amazon Shark’s upright vacuum cleans up messes on carpets and bare floors, and it’s equipped with a HEPA filter to trap dust and allergens. 4.4-star average rating from 89,802 reviews on Amazon I’ve used this spot cleaner to get coffee, red wine, pet accidents and mud out of light-colored carpets and fabric furniture, so it’s a miracle worker in my book. 4.4-star average rating from 64,306 reviews on Amazon You can adjust this pillow’s feel depending on your sleep preferences — to make it firmer, add the extra fill it comes with, and to make it softer, remove some fill. Best Cyber Monday kitchen deals 4.2-star average rating from 115,869 reviews on Amazon When you put this kitchen gadget on top of an aluminum can and press the start button, it automatically rotates around the lid to cut it off. 4.4-star average rating from 41,675 reviews on Amazon This single-serve machine lets you brew 8-, 10- or 12-ounce cups of coffee using its large 42-ounce removable water reservoir, so you can make a few cups before refilling it. It’s the perfect kettle to use for a traditional Argentinian tea called mate, which I drink every day.” The electric kettle, which has a 0.9-liter capacity, also lets you schedule boils in advance, and it automatically shuts off after a period of non-use. The blades are incredibly sharp, and it’s easy to clean and store — it even comes with a little brush so I can scrub each part without risking my fingers.” You get four interchangeable blades with Fullstar’s chopper: fine dicer, medium dicer, ribbon blade and spiral blade. Best Cyber Monday travel deals 4.3-star average rating from 8,551 reviews on Amazon No matter how much I beat up my Samsonite luggage, it still works perfectly and looks pristine. 4.9-star average rating from 6,329 reviews at Calpak “This duffel is the ideal size for a quick weekend trip, and the padded material it’s made from makes it comfortable to carry on your shoulder,” says Rodriguez. “The front pocket is perfect for my 15-inch Macbook, and it has a separate compartment for a pair of shoes so they don’t touch your clothes.” In addition to the shoe compartment, Calpak’s Luka Duffel, which fits under airplane seats, has a roomy main compartment and nine pockets to help you organize essentials. 4.9-star average rating from 3,538 reviews at Dagne Dover I store my makeup and skin care in this toiletry bag while traveling, and it fits an impressive number of products inside. Best Cyber Monday fitness deals 4.0-star average rating from 1,911 reviews at Alo Alo’s Warrior Mat is the complete package in my book, and I’ve relied on it during hot yoga, HIIT and pilates classes for years. It’s oversized, giving me ample room to work out, and on the heavier side, which is one of my favorite parts about it — the Warrior Mat never moves around while I’m jumping or running in place. Best Cyber Monday sales overall Best Cyber Monday streaming service sales Apple TV: $5.99 per month for six months (over 50% off) Paramount+: $2.99 per month for two months when you sign up for a monthly plan through Dec. 2 Starz: $2.99 per month for three months (73% off) when you sign up for a monthly plan Best Cyber Monday tech sales Tile: Up to 60% off Tile trackers sitewide through Dec. 1 Panasonic: Up to 32% off tech sitewide SimpliSafe: Up to 70% off home security systems Ring: Up to 50% off smart home security devices Insta360: Up to 33% off sitewide Go Pro: Up to $150 off cameras Best Cyber Monday beauty sales Best Cyber Monday home sales Best Cyber Monday kitchen sales Best Cyber Monday clothing and accessory sales Best Cyber Monday shoe sales Zappos: Get an extra 25% off sale styles with code CYBER25 La Sportiva: 20% off footwear through Dec. 8 HigherDose: 20% off sitewide with code BFCM2025 and 30% off bundles Larq: Up to 30% off sitewide Flaus: 25% off sitewide and up to 40% off bundles through Dec. 29 Peloton: Up to $,550 off exercise equipment and get a discounted Peloton membership Best Cyber Monday kids and baby sales Nanit: Up to 30% off sitewide Lalo: Up to 40% off sitewide Momcozy: Up to 20% off sitewide through Dec. 1 Little Sleepies: Up to 30% off sitewide with code COMFY Baby Brezza: Up to 30% off sitewide, plus free shipping and returns Primary: Up to 40% off sitewide and up to 50% off holiday pajamas Newton Baby: Up to 25% off sitewide through Dec. 1 Magnetic Me: Up to 25% off new arrivals and up to 40% off sale items Best Cyber Monday travel sales Away: 25% off sitewide, plus an extra 10% off when you spend $750 Samsonite: Up to 40% off sitewide Calpak: Up to 60% off select items and 20% off sitewide through Dec. 9, plus an extra 10% off full-price items with code THANKS10 through Dec 3 Ostrichpillow: Up to 30% off sitewide Best Cyber Monday pet sales Chewy: Up to 50% off sitewide Petco: Up to 25% off sitewide with code CYBER25 through Dec. 1 How I found the best Cyber Monday deals All of my recommendations above are based on NBC Select’s previous coverage and reporting, including products the NBC Select staff tested firsthand. I also wrote about every deal in this article and worked with NBC Select editors to finalize the live list, which I’m frequently updating throughout Cyber Monday to reflect the most up-to-date prices.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/bitcoin-starts-financial-markets-off-on-wrong-foot-to-begin-december.html
Article: Contracts tied to the Dow Jones Industrial Average were down more than 200 points, while those linked to the S & P 500 and Nasdaq-100 lost 0.7% and 0.9%, respectively. BTC.CM= @SP.1 5D mountain Bitcoin and S & P 500 futures 5-day chart "What's happening this morning – stocks are kicking off the final month of the year under a bit of pressure as crypto takes a dive (bitcoin prices are slumping nearly 5% so far this morning), the [Bank of Japan] drops further hints about a rate hike later in the month, and China's PMIs underwhelm expectations," wrote Adam Crisafulli of Vital Knowledge. The S & P 500 eked out a small gain for the month, but was under pressure much of the time as lofty artificial intelligence valuations held the broader market in check. According to the Stock Trader's Almanac, the S & P 500 averages an advance of more than 1% in December, making it the third-best month of the year, based on data going back to 1950.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/new-fda-approved-glasses-can-slow-nearsightedness-kids/18233596/
Article: The new lenses use 11 concentric rings filled with tiny raised dots to refocus light onto the retina in a way that is believed to slow elongation of the eye. "Whether this hypothesis is ultimately proven to be true, of course, matters only in part," Repka said, noting that the lenses appear to work regardless of how the underling science works. "I think before it becomes widely used, we will need some data in the United States" showing that the lenses work, said Repka, who is conducting a U.S.-based study of the new lenses supported by the National Institutes of Health.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/indiana-lawmakers-convene-with-redistricting-top-of-mind
Article: Indiana House members are expected to push forward Monday with redrawing the state’s congressional districts in Republicans’ favor, increasing pressure on their defiant counterparts in the GOP-led Senate to meet President Donald Trump’s demands. Trump and other Republicans want to make the map 9-0 in the GOP’s favor, aiming to give the party two extra seats in the 2026 elections that will determine control the U.S. Mike Braun calls a special session to redraw the state’s congressional boundaries “The issue of redrawing Indiana’s congressional maps mid-cycle has received a lot of attention and is causing strife here in our state,” Bray said in a statement Tuesday.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/alina-habba-trumps-former-lawyer-disqualified-as-new-jersey-prosecutor
Article: PHILADELPHIA (AP) — President Donald Trump’s former personal lawyer Alina Habba, whom the administration has maneuvered to keep in place as New Jersey top federal prosecutor, is disqualified from serving in the role, an appeal court said Monday. Habba said after that hearing in a statement posted to X that she was fighting on behalf of other candidates to be federal prosecutors who have been denied a chance for a Senate hearing. Last week, a federal judge dismissed criminal cases against former FBI Director James Comey and New York Attorney General Letitia James after concluding that the hastily installed prosecutor who filed the charges, Lindsey Halligan, was unlawfully appointed to the position of interim U.S. A lower court judge said in August Habba’s appointment was done with a “novel series of legal and personnel moves” and that she was not lawfully serving as U.S attorney for New Jersey. READ MORE: Trump’s former lawyer Alina Habba’s term as New Jersey’s top federal prosecutor ends The Habba case comes after several people charged with federal crimes in New Jersey challenged the legality of Habba’s tenure. Shortly after her appointment, she said in an interview with a right-wing influence that she hoped to help “turn New Jersey red,” a rare overt political expression from a prosecutor. Earlier this year as her appointment was expiring, federal judges in New Jersey exercised their power under the law to replace Habba with a career prosecutor who had served as her second-in-command.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/india-orders-phone-makers-to-pre-install-state-owned-web-safety-app-report?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Indian government has instructed smartphone makers to pre-install a state-owned cybersecurity app on all new devices in a bid to tackle online scams and other crimes, according to reports. The November 28 order – the existence of which was reported by Reuters news agency and Indian media on Monday, three days after it was privately sent to manufacturers – gives the companies 90 days to ensure that the app, Sanchar Saathi or “communication companion”, is pre-installed on new mobile phones, with a requirement that users cannot disable it. The government says the app is essential to combat “serious endangerment” of cybersecurity from duplicate or spoofed International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) numbers – the code assigned to each device that is used to cut off network access for phones that are reported stolen. According to government figures, users have downloaded the app more than five million times since its launch, helping to block more than 3.7 million stolen or lost mobile phones and blocking more than 30 million fraudulent connections, Reuters reported. Advertisement Apple ‘likely to resist’ But the order is likely to face pushback from US tech giant Apple, which has previously clashed with India’s telecoms regulator over a government antispam mobile app, as well as privacy advocates, Reuters reported.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/what-is-the-uks-new-socialist-your-party-which-is-beset-with-infighting?traffic_source=rss
Article: On Saturday, Your Party cofounder Zarah Sultana said she would skip the first day of the newly formed group’s inaugural two-day conference following a serious disagreement over who could attend. After the UK’s last general election in 2024, which the Labour Party won in a landslide following 14 years of Conservative Party rule, Corbyn and four other left-leaning independents – Shockat Adam, Adnan Hussain, Ayoub Khan and Iqbal Mohamed – formed the Independent Alliance, which focused heavily on taking a pro-Palestine position over Israel’s genocidal war on Gaza. In response, Corbyn stated that anti-Semitism was “absolutely abhorrent”, but added: “The scale of the problem was also dramatically overstated for political reasons by our opponents inside and outside the party, as well as by much of the media.” Advertisement As a result, he was immediately suspended from the party. In late July this year, he announced that he would cofound a new socialist party with fellow independent MP Zarah Sultana, 32, who also became an independent after leaving Labour on July 3. In a statement at the time, Corbyn and Sultana said: “The system is rigged when the government says there is no money for the poor, but billions for war.” The statement added that they envisioned a party “rooted in our communities, trade unions and social movements”. “As a party, we’ve got to come together and be united because division and disunity will not serve the interests of the people that we want to represent,” Corbyn said during the inaugural conference, which took place in the northwestern English city of Liverpool and finished with a rousing rendition of Bella Ciao – an Italian antifascist folk song – by attendees. Sultana announced on Saturday that she would not attend in protest against one of her supporters being denied entry to the event and several others being expelled from the party for also allegedly being members of the far-left Socialist Workers Party. Sultana told the Press Association news agency: “I’m disappointed to see on the morning of our founding conference, people who have travelled from all over the country, spent a lot of money on their train fare, on hotels, on being able to participate in this conference, being told that they have been expelled.” She added: “That is a culture that is reminiscent of the Labour Party, how there were witch-hunts on the eve of conference, how members were treated with contempt.” However, an unnamed spokesperson for Your Party defended the decision to bar members of the Socialist Workers Party. The spokesperson told UK media: “Members of another national political party signed up to Your Party in contravention of clearly stated membership rules – and these rules were enforced.” Sultana attended the second day of the conference on Sunday, when she apologised for what she described as “hiccups” during the launch of the party. Funding In November, senior figures including Corbyn, Iqbal Mohamed, and Adnan Hussain accused Sultana of withholding more than 800,000 pounds ($1.06m) in donations made to the party when it was first announced in July. Since the party was still in the process of being formally registered as a legal entity, the funds were temporarily collected by a private company called MoU Operations Ltd, which is controlled by Sultana. The BBC reported on November 8 that an unnamed spokesperson for Sultana said she “is in the process of transferring all funds and data” but was conducting “essential due diligence as part of this process”. While Sultana was pushing for a collective of leaders to reflect grassroots representation – what she terms “maximum member democracy” – Corbyn said a single, traditional leader would be more effective. “The culture surrounding the party has become dominated by persistent infighting, factional competition and a struggle for power, position and influence rather than a shared commitment to the common good,” Hussain wrote in a statement. In a statement posted on X on November 21, Mohamed said: “The many false allegations and smears made against me and others, and reported as fact without evidence, have been surprising and disappointing.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/best-cyber-monday-deals-25/18230515/
Article: 25 Cyber Monday deals under $25: Shop our top picks now from tech to beauty As a participant in multiple affiliate marketing programs, Localish will earn a commission for certain purchases. Best Cyber Monday deals under $25: Amazon Echo Pop Kids Amazon Amazon Echo Pop Kids $24.99 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Echo Pop Kids is a smart speaker with Alexa designed for children. Touchland Body and Hand Mist 30% off Amazon Touchland Body and Hand Mist $21 $30 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now This duo set features a Hydrating Hand Sanitizer in vanilla blossom and a Body & Hair Fragrance Mist in vanilla velvet. JISULIFE Handheld Mini Fan 15% off Amazon Handheld Mini Fan $11.72 $13.79 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now This mini combo includes a fan, a flashlight, and a backup power bank. Cuddl Duds Cozy Plush Reversible Pajama Wrap 20% off Kohl's Cuddl Duds Cozy Plush Reversible Pajama Wrap $19.20 $24 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Enjoy double the comfort with this reversible Cuddl Duds sleep wrap. Koolaburra by UGG Wiona Melange Sherpa Throw 50% off Kohl's Cyber Deal Koolaburra by UGG Wiona Melange Sherpa Throw $19.99 $39.99 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Snuggle up for a cozy night in with the stylish and ultra-soft Wiona Melange Sherpa Throw. BLACK+DECKER PowerSeries Flex 3-in-1 Multi-Surface Vacuum 42% off Kohl's BLACK+DECKER PowerSeries Flex 3-in-1 Multi-Surface Vacuum $19.99 $34.99 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Transform your cleaning routine with the versatile 3-in-1 stick vacuum from BLACK+DECKER. Nifty LED Tabletop Air Hockey 40% off Kohl's Nifty LED Tabletop Air Hockey $18 $30 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Have a blast with this Nifty LED Tabletop Air Hockey. Carolina Herrera Good Girl Eau de Parfum Travel Spray with Jasmine 50% off Sephora Carolina Herrera Good Girl Eau de Parfum Travel Spray with Jasmine $19.50 $39 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now GOOD GIRL blends bright jasmine and rich cocoa for a dual-natured scent. Rare Beauty by Selena Gomez Soft Pinch Cheek & Lip Trio Makeup Set 50% off Sephora Rare Beauty by Selena Gomez Soft Pinch Cheek & Lip Trio Makeup Gift Set $18 $36 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now This limited-edition set includes three ways to get a pinch-perfect flush from cheeks to lips, all in shade Worth, a true rose. It features a Soft Pinch Matte Bouncy Blush for a dreamy, cloud-like flush, a Soft Pinch Liquid Blush for high-impact color with just one dot, and a Soft Pinch Tinted Lip Oil for a comfy, non-sticky kiss of color that gently plumps lips. LANEIGE Lip Sleeping Mask - Intense Hydration Lip Treatment with Vitamin C Sephora LANEIGE Lip Sleeping Mask - Intense Hydration Lip Treatment with Vitamin C $24 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Leave this on overnight to get the full effect. Benefit Cosmetics Cookie and Tickle Shimmer Finish Powder Highlighters 50% off Sephora Benefit Cosmetics Cookie and Tickle Shimmer Finish Powder Highlighters $19.50 $39 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now You can enhance your look with just a few simple steps. LANEIGE Lip Glowy Balm - Lightweight Hydration Lip Treatment with Shea Butter 30% off Sephora LANEIGE Lip Glowy Balm - Lightweight Hydration Lip Treatment with Shea Butter $13.30 $19 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Try this daytime lip treatment as an alternative to other Korean cult-favorite lip masks. Bluetooth Party Microphone 4% off Nordstrom Bluetooth Party Microphone $19.99 $20.99 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now This rockin' mic is built for fun and good times anywhere and features big-time, blasting audio and dazzling music-syncing lights. SALT & STONE Hand Cream 20% off Nordstrom SALT & STONE Hand Cream $16 $20 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now A fast-absorbing hand moisturizer infused with ocean botanicals, antioxidants, and hydrating ingredients designed to soften and restore dry hands. SALT & STONE Hand Cream 30% off Nordstrom Kiehl's Luscious & Lavish Lips Set $22.40 $32 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now This set includes a trio of SALT & Stone's iconic lip balms that moisturize and soothe your lips. SPEAQUA The Cruiser H2.0 Waterproof Speaker 16% off Nordstrom SPEAQUA The Cruiser H2.0 Waterproof Speaker $20.99 $24.99 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now The music never has to stop as you move from one adventure to the next with this completely water, dust, and shock-proof speaker featuring a compact, pocket-friendly design. BIODANCE Bio-Collagen Real Deep Mask 30% off Amazon BIODANCE Bio-Collagen Real Deep Mask $13.30 $19 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now The Bio-Collagen Real Deep Mask quickly hydrates the skin's surface and penetrates deeper layers, leaving the complexion healthy and well-moisturized. Microfiber Dog Door Mat 15% off Amazon Microfiber Dog Door Mat $18.78 $22.10 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now Keep your entryway clean and clutter-free with this microfiber entrance rug from Muddy Mat. INSMY C12 IPX7 Waterproof Shower Bluetooth Speaker 28% off Amazon INSMY C12 IPX7 Waterproof Shower Bluetooth Speaker $19.23 $26.99 Valid: 11/30/2025 to 12/23/2025 Shop Now The INSMY waterproof Bluetooth speaker with a built-in 1200 mAh rechargeable battery guarantees up to 12 hours of playtime.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn0k520v4xro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US and UK agree zero tariffs deal on pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals are one of the UK's biggest exports to the US, which is also the biggest market by far for big UK drugmakers including GSK and AstraZeneca. Under the agreement the UK will pay more for medicines through the NHS in return for a guarantee that US import taxes on pharmaceuticals made in the UK will remain at zero for three years. The White House exempted pharmaceuticals from that round of tariffs, and later signed a deal with the UK to remove some trade barriers between the countries and reduce levies on most goods exported to the US to 10%. The UK will also increase the overall amount the NHS spends on medicines, with a target to increase that spending from 0.3% of GDP to 0.6% of GDP over the next 10 years. The amount drug companies must pay back to the NHS to ensure the health system does not overspend its allocated budget will be capped at 15% - last year, drug companies had to pay back more than 20%. Business and Trade Secretary Peter Kyle said the deal "guarantees that UK pharmaceutical exports – worth at least £5bn a year - will enter the US tariff free, protecting jobs, boosting investment and paving the way for the UK to become a global hub for life sciences." In the 12 months to the end of September, the UK exported £11.1bn worth of medicines to the US, making up 17.4% of all goods exports in that period, according to the Department for Business and Trade. Health Secretary Wes Streeting said in August that he was not prepared to let drug companies "rip off" the UK, after talks between the government and pharmaceutical firms over the cost of medicines broke down. But subsequently Science Minister Sir Patrick Vallance told the BBC he accepted that the NHS needed to spend more on medicines after seeing its spending on drugs shrink as a percentage of its budget over the last 10 years. Meanwhile, several large pharma investments in the UK have been paused or cancelled over the last 18 months while both GSK and AstraZeneca have recently announced multi-billion-dollar investments in the US. A week before GSK's US investment announcement, US pharmaceutical company Merck - which is called MSD in Europe – revealed it was scrapping its planned £1bn expansion of its UK operations.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm2054650n3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Banquet, Bowie and football in upcoming German state visit King Charles and President Steinmeier meeting crowds in Berlin on a visit in 2023 In a message of reconciliation, there will be a visit to the ruins of Coventry Cathedral, bombed during the Second World War. Events for the president will range from speaking in Parliament to meeting German Premier League footballers to visiting the David Bowie Centre in the Victoria and Albert Museum's new wing in east London. King Charles and Queen Camilla will host the first German state visit to the UK in 27 years - with a state banquet and ceremonial events in Windsor on Wednesday. Plans for direct train to Berlin in new UK-Germany treaty This mirrors a visit to Hamburg during the UK state visit to Germany in 2023, when King Charles laid a wreath remembering the civilian casualties of wartime Allied bombing raids. There will be a carriage ride on the way to Windsor Castle - which didn't take place during the recent US state visit by President Trump, who moved in and out by helicopter, reducing security risks but also any opportunity for protests. When in Germany, the King had spoken about the importance of supporting Ukraine, so there will be interest in whether he might raise the subject again, against a background of talks about ending the war. It follows the "Kensington Treaty" signed this summer between the UK and Germany, which included closer co-operation on defence and plans for easier travel between the two countries, including a direct rail link. Ms Budenbender will visit the Judith Kerr Primary School, in south-east London, to mark the connection to its namesake, Judith Kerr, the German-born author of the children's book The Tiger Who Came to Tea. And at the V&A East Storehouse, which has put the museum's archive on show, the visitors will see the David Bowie Centre, which contains items related to the pop star, such as stage outfits and musical instruments.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/investigators-urge-witnesses-of-shooting-at-a-party-in-california-that-left-3-children-dead-to-come-forward
Article: Three children ages 8, 9 and 14 and a 21-year-old were killed Saturday when gunfire broke out at a banquet hall in Stockton where at least 100 people were gathered, San Joaquin County Sheriff Patrick Withrow said. “This is a time for our community to show that we will not put up with this type of behavior, when people will just walk in and kill children,” Withrow said. If not, you just become complacent and think this is acceptable behavior.” Sheriff’s spokesperson Heather Brent said earlier that investigators believe it was a “targeted incident.” Officials did not elaborate on why authorities believe it was intentional or who might have been targeted. “Who would come and do that to some kids, you know?” Brown told The Associated Press following a vigil organized by faith leaders to honor the dead and pray for the wounded.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/1000-flights-canceled-nationwide-snowy-weather-hits-upper/story?id=127964896
Article: A cross-country storm dumping snow across Colorado and the Midwest has led to hundreds of canceled flights and car crashes, including a 45-vehicle pileup on one Indiana highway, amid the post-Thanksgiving travel rush. In one terrifying incident for air travelers, a Delta Connection flight with 54 passengers and a crew of four skidded off an icy runway at the Des Moines International Airport overnight, according to Sarah Hoodjer, the airport's communications manager. Indiana DOT In Putnamville, Indiana, south of Indianapolis, state authorities said heavy snow caused a chain-reaction crash on Interstate 70 involving 45 vehicles, according to the Indiana State Police Department. Kamil Krzaczynski/AFP via Getty Images With heavy snow and gusty winds at times, whiteout conditions and very dangerous travel will be likely for these areas on Saturday and into Sunday morning.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/shopify-has-been-on-a-tear-in-2025-can-ai-give-the-e-commerce-stock-another-boost.html
Article: "They're clearly early on their S curve, where they're just packing a bunch of product together that continues to make the service more relevant and better," Citizens analyst Andrew Boone told CNBC about Shopify. "In agentic commerce, we believe winners will be platforms that can move fast, integrate securely, and serve a diverse set of merchants, key attributes underscoring Shopify's demonstrated competitive moat." The company has slowly rolled out AI features to merchants on its platform starting in 2023 with Shopify Magic, the platform's chatbot. "Shopify, for its millions of merchants, organized all their information and now OpenAI can have ChatGPT talk to that dialog in order to help their consumers shop online at millions of merchants," D.A. "What Open AI and what Shopify did was they anticipated this, and so they went to their millions of merchants and started rebuilding all their stores to be able to work with a chat, to be able to work with a machine instead of just with a human," Luria said. "So their customers, their merchants, still have a human-facing website, but they now also have a chat facing website." Consumers using AI to shop Even before Shopify and OpenAI announced the joint effort, ChatGPT users were already consulting the chatbot to make decisions on their purchases. "I rarely use Google." After she asked ChatGPT for protein bars that met her individual health goals, the chatbot recommended products from IQ Bar, a Shopify merchant and a company new to Tuason at the time. A September study by the National Bureau of Economic Research on ChatGPT consumer behavior found that nearly a quarter of all non-work inquiries in the past year were related to "seeking information," including making shopping decisions. Although Tuason uses ChatGPT regularly, she also remains skeptical: "Even if you have this GPT, you have to still see if they're third party tested, if the ingredients are actually correct." Boone also acknowledged ChatGPT is unable to guarantee accurate results every time. "We're not really using it quite that much yet, but there shouldn't be a problem, because the chat will help you find where the meal is that you want, and then either it'll check you out automatically, or you'll just be able to go to the human website and check out yourself." The aspiration for analysts is that AI integration becomes smoother over time. "Chat will at least help them narrow it down to the place where they want to go, and in a perfect world, they'll just check out for them and they can remain inside the chat for the interaction," Luria said. Morgan Stanley has an overweight rating on Shopify and a price target of $165 with the stock "demonstrating a dominant market position with Shopify now powering > 12% of US eCommerce," Weiss wrote. "I think the relationship with OpenAI definitely has increased the value of Shopify, as far as investors are concerned, because it gives them a path to adapt to how the internet is changing on behalf of their merchants," Luria said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/jim-cramers-top-10-things-to-watch-in-the-stock-market-monday.html
Article: In my Sunday column , I covered the intersection/domination of this one piece of cyber paper over dozens and dozens of instruments – and if one firm, Strategy (the old MicroStrategy) can't handle the pressure or keep borrowing maybe the whole speculative edifice collapses. The Japanese 10 year bond yield goes to 1.84%, its highest since 2008, perhaps ending the fintech monster ( yen carry trade ) that is borrow it there buy it here. Analysts say that collecting rent from EchoStar may be difficult for the tower companies following the Dish Wireless parent's plan to sell its wireless spectrum licenses to SpaceX and AT & T . I think the two home improvement retailers will trade together on multiple interest rate cuts from a new Fed chief, regardless of what the current central bank head, Jerome Powell, does. Sign up for my Top 10 Morning Thoughts on the Market email newsletter for free (See here for a full list of the stocks at Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj38xm5nmd7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Tulip Siddiq says Bangladesh jail term is 'unfair' 7 minutes ago Share Save Charlotte Scarr , in Bangladesh and Becky Morton , political reporter Share Save "This is trial by media which is deeply unfair", says Tulip Siddiq Labour MP and former minister Tulip Siddiq has described her two year prison sentence in Bangladesh as "deeply unfair" after a court convicted her in her absence on corruption charges. She was found guilty of influencing her aunt, Bangladesh's ousted Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, to secure a plot of land for her family in the outskirts of the capital Dhaka, a claim she strongly denies. "I'm absolutely baffled by the whole thing - I've still had no contact whatsoever from the Bangladeshi authorities despite them spreading malicious allegations about me for a year-and-a-half now," she said. "There's been absolutely no summons sent to me, there's no charge sheet, I've had no correspondence from them - I'm not difficult to find, I'm a parliamentarian." She said she had engaged lawyers in the UK and Bangladesh. So this is trial by media, which is deeply unfair." Since Hasina's regime was overturned, prosecutors in Bangladesh have launched a number of wide-ranging legal cases against the former leader, her past associates and family members. The trial involving Siddiq - who quit as a Treasury minister in January over controversy around her ties to her aunt - has been playing out in Dhaka since August. Court documents included claims that Siddiq "forced and influenced her aunt and the former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina using her special power to secure [a plot of land] for her mother Rehana Siddiq, sister Azmina Siddiq and brother Radwan Siddiq". Siddiq's lawyers have disputed she is a Bangladeshi citizen, telling the Financial Times she has "never had" an ID card or voter ID, and "has not held a passport since she was a child". A statement on her behalf continued: "I have been clear from the outset that I have done nothing wrong and will respond to any credible evidence that is presented to me. "As has been reported, highly regarded senior legal professionals have highlighted that Tulip Siddiq has not had access to a fair legal process in this case and has never been informed of the details of the charges against her," the spokesperson said. "Anyone facing any charge should always be afforded the right to make legal representations when allegations are made against them." It is understood Siddiq is not subject to investigation or party disciplinary proceedings and retains her Labour Party membership and the Labour whip in the House of Commons. Signatories to that statement included ex-Justice Secretary Robert Buckland, former Attorney General Dominic Grieve, and Lady Cherie Blair, a human rights lawyer and wife of former Prime Minister Sir Tony Blair. In a letter first reported by the Guardian, they said Siddiq had not been able to secure proper legal representation during the trial, adding: "Such a process is artificial and a contrived and unfair way of pursuing a prosecution." The verdict comes two weeks after Hasina was sentenced to death in a separate trial over her role in a brutal crackdown against the protests which ultimately forced her from office in July 2024. Responding to the latest verdict, the Awami League, the political party which Hasina leads, described it as "entirely predictable" and "firmly denied" the allegations against the former prime minister and her family members. Prior to Siddiq's resignation from the British government, Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer's independent ethics adviser Sir Laurie Magnus said he had not found "evidence of improprieties" following an investigation.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c14vxlxv4kko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Police consider corporate manslaughter charges in Post Office scandal The NPCC said while the investigation continued to focus on offences of perjury and perverting the course of justice, they were also considering charges of corporate manslaughter. In an update, shared with victims in the past few days, the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) said the investigation was currently focused on eight suspects, with five interviews conducted under caution. A year ago, a team of about 100 officers was launched in four regional hubs, scaling up its activity after the end of the public phase of the inquiry into the scandal. Officers are now appealing to any former sub-postmasters who may have signed a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) with the Post Office to come forward, after it was confirmed that the NDAs would no longer be enforced. "However, as was done with fraud offences previously, advice is being sought from the CPS around the offences of Corporate and Gross Negligent manslaughter." The chair of the public inquiry, Sir Wyn Williams, published the first part of his final report on 8 July and the second volume is expected next year.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/g-s1-99892/austria-nuns-convent-vatican
Article: Austria's rebel nuns refuse to give up Instagram to stay in their convent toggle caption Noah Hatz/Getty Images BERLIN — Since breaking into their convent near Salzburg, Austria, Sisters Bernadette, Regina and Rita have been busy. Without the media, we'd have been silenced." Sister Bernadette told Instagram followers: "We need to resolve this but any agreement we reach must be in accordance with God's will and shaped by human reason." Canon law scholar and priest Wolfgang Rothe tells NPR the deal is neither reasonable nor humane and that it has no legal basis in either church or state laws. "The provost's demands are simply unlawful; he seeks to restrict the sisters to such an extent that is nothing less than a violation of their human rights." The provost's proposed agreement — which NPR has seen — also bans laypeople from entering the cloisters, including the sisters' helpers, many of whom they've known for decades and on whom the nuns now depend for help. Sponsor Message Speaking to NPR on Monday, the provost's spokesperson, crisis PR manager Harald Schiffl, said that the provost does not understand why the nuns reject his offer and that, in response, he has requested the Vatican authorities responsible for religious orders to step in. Schiffl says the terms relating to the nuns' social media use are reasonable: "The abbey wishes to discontinue the sisters' social media accounts because what they show has very little to do with real religious life." In an interview with NPR, Sister Bernadette points out that Grasl, the provost, is just as media-savvy as she and her fellow nuns are. Why shouldn't we do the same?" The provost's promise to allow the sisters to remain in the convent is caveated by the clause "until further notice." Rothe says there is nothing in the proposal that would stop the provost from removing the sisters a second time. "Once again, the provost is trying to exert pressure to achieve something that is in his interest, without taking the sisters' interests into account or even asking what the sisters want." The provost's spokesperson Schiffl says, "I cannot say how to resolve this; it is now up to Rome."

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-white-house-holds-briefing-as-lawmakers-support-review-of-trumps-boat-strikes
Article: The lawmakers said they did not know whether last week’s Washington Post report was true, and some Republicans were skeptical, but they said attacking survivors of an initial missile strike poses serious legal concerns. military strikes against vessels suspected of smuggling drugs in the Caribbean Sea and eastern Pacific Ocean, citing a published report that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth issued a verbal order for all crew members to be killed as part of a Sept. READ MORE: Democratic senators ask Trump administration to provide legal basis for Venezuela strikes Meanwhile, President Donald Trump on Sunday evening while flying back to Washington from Florida, where he celebrated Thanksgiving, confirmed that he had recently spoken with Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro. READ MORE: Trump says he’ll release MRI results but doesn’t know what part of his body was scanned The Venezuelan communications ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the call with Trump. 2 attack “is completely outside anything that has been discussed with Congress and there is an ongoing investigation.” The comments from lawmakers during news show appearances come as the administration escalates a campaign to combat drug trafficking into the U.S. After the Post’s report, Hegseth said Friday on X that “fake news is delivering more fabricated, inflammatory, and derogatory reporting to discredit our incredible warriors fighting to protect the homeland.” WATCH: White House supports Pentagon probe of Sen. and international law, with all actions in compliance with the law of armed conflict—and approved by the best military and civilian lawyers, up and down the chain of command,” Hegseth wrote. Jack Reed, said in a joint statement late Friday that the committee “will be conducting vigorous oversight to determine the facts related to these circumstances.” That was followed Saturday with the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Republican Rep. Adam Smith, issuing a joint statement saying the panel was committed to “providing rigorous oversight of the Department of Defense’s military operations in the Caribbean.” READ MORE: Dominican Republic grants U.S. access to restricted areas for its fight against drug trafficking “We take seriously the reports of follow-on strikes on boats alleged to be ferrying narcotics in the SOUTHCOM region and are taking bipartisan action to gather a full accounting of the operation in question,” Rogers and Smith said, referring to U.S. I don’t think he would be foolish enough to make this decision to say, kill everybody, kill the survivors because that’s a clear violation of the law of war,” Bacon said. “So, I’m very suspicious that he would’ve done something like that because it would go against common sense.” Kaine and Turner appeared on CBS’ “Face the Nation,” and Bacon was on ABC’s “This Week.”

Link: https://abc7.com/post/gwen-stefani-derek-hough-aloe-blacc-more-talk-magic-wonderful-world-disney-holiday-spectacular/18210564/
Article: The special airs December 1 on ABC and streams the next day on Hulu and Disney+ "I'm gonna sing my heart out!" Nicole Scherzinger, Gwen Stefani and a galaxy of stars are ready to kick off the holiday season with "The Wonderful World of Disney: Holiday Spectacular." The special airs December 1 on ABC and streams the next day on Hulu and Disney+. "I'm gonna sing my heart out!" Nicole Scherzinger, Gwen Stefani and a galaxy of stars are ready to kick off the holiday season with "The Wonderful World of Disney: Holiday Spectacular." The special airs December 1 on ABC and streams the next day on Hulu and Disney+. "What fans can expect from the wonderful world of Disney holiday spectacular is of course a magical and jam-packed show filled with music and dancing of course," Hough told On The Red Carpet. "I love the holidays, I love Disney and bringing those two worlds together is truly a dream come true." The special, which is celebrating its10th year, will be narrated by "Zootopia 2" star Ginnifer Goodwin and features performances by Aloe Blacc, Good Charlotte, Coco Jones, Mariah The Scientist, Bebe Rexha, Nicole Scherzinger, Gwen Stefani, "American Idol" season 21 winner Iam Tongi and Trisha Yearwood. "Performing here was so magical, just seeing all the lights and Cinderella's gorgeous castle and my mother is here with me," said Rexha, who will be singing "Rockin' Around The Christmas Tree." "It's just been such an incredible experience." Blacc wants audiences to get their singing voices ready! "I grew up here in Anaheim, so to be here doing Christmas music and being part of people's holiday is beyond!" "I am just going to channel all the beautiful energy and spirit and magic of this place and I'm gonna sing my heart out," said Scherzinger. "The Wonderful World of Disney: Holiday Spectacular" will also give viewers a special look at "Avatar: Fire and Ash" with the film's stars from Pandora - The World of Avatar at Disney's Animal Kingdom Theme Park.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c62lg40me4po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: "The EFL can confirm that Sheffield Wednesday FC are to be deducted six points with immediate effect for multiple breaches of EFL Regulations relating to payment obligations, with Mr Dejphon Chansiri prohibited from being an owner or director of any EFL Club for a period of three years," a statement on the Sheffield Wednesday website said. "While matters remain ongoing in respect of the issues being considered by the independent Club Financial Reporting Unit, for alleged breaches in the 2025-26 season prior to the club entering administration, the league can confirm that it is not seeking any further points deductions from the club. "Separately, the EFL and Sheffield Wednesday remain in discussions regarding its appeal against the fee restriction, which is currently set to run until the end of the winter 2027 transfer window. This is likely to be resolved as part of the club's exit from administration." Chansiri led a Thai consortium which first took over Sheffield Wednesday in 2015, but entering into administration effectively ended his decade-long ownership.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/what-to-know-about-netanyahus-request-for-a-presidential-pardon-in-corruption-trial
Article: READ MORE: Netanyahu requests pardon from Israeli president during his ongoing corruption trial The president’s office called the request “extraordinary,” with “significant implications.” At stake is the reputation of Israel’s justice system as well as Netanyahu’s hold on power. He is charged with fraud, breach of trust and accepting bribes in three separate cases accusing him of exchanging favors with wealthy political supporters including a telecom company, a Hollywood producer and a newspaper publisher. The delays have angered many Israelis, including some parents of hostages long held in Gaza who accused Netanyahu of drawing out the war with Hamas as part of efforts to stay in office. He said his pardon request would help unify Israel at a time of momentous change in the Middle East, and asserted that an “immediate conclusion of the trial would greatly help to lower the flames and promote the broad reconciliation that our country so desperately needs.” Some government ministers, including Defense Minister Israel Katz, expressed support for his request. “He basically says, ‘I’m completely innocent, I’m sure that I can prove this innocence, but not for my own interest, for the country’s interest I’m requesting this pardon,'” said Yohanan Plesner, president of The Israel Democracy Institute. “So there is no assumption of responsibility whatsoever, and this might project a problematic message to all public figures and to what our public norms might look like.” Opposition leader Yair Lapid said Netanyahu cannot be granted a pardon “without an admission of guilt, an expression of remorse and an immediate retirement from political life.” Legal experts said the pardon request cannot stop the trial. What’s next The pardon request will be sent to the Justice Ministry for opinions and then transferred to the legal adviser in the Office of the President, which will formulate additional opinions.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/investigation-into-hong-kong-building-fire-that-killed-at-least-151-people-reveals-unsafe-netting
Article: HONG KONG (AP) — Hong Kong officials said Monday that their investigation into a deadly blaze that killed at least 151 has revealed some of the netting that covered scaffolding used in renovations was not up to fire-safety codes, as a wave of public sympathy and support was met by government moves to stifle criticism. READ MORE: Authorities probe corruption and negligence in deadly Hong Kong apartment fire Initial tests of the netting showed it was up to code, but subsequently investigators collected 20 samples from all areas, including higher floors, and found seven failed safety standards, suggesting contractors skimped to make greater profits, said Eric Chan, Hong Kong’s Chief Secretary. Donations for survivors of the fire had reached 900 million Hong Kong dollars (US$115 million) as of Monday, authorities said, as a steady stream of people placed flowers, cards and other tributes at a makeshift memorial near the burned out block of buildings. Hong Kong police Disaster Victim Identification Unit staff had searched five of the burned buildings but only made partial progress through the remaining two, said Tsang Shuk-yin, head of the police casualty enquiry unit. Private donations and 300 million Hong Kong dollars ($38.5 million) in start-up capital from the government will be used to help victims rebuild their homes and provide long–term support, local officials said. It confirmed officials had carried out 16 inspections of the renovation project since July 2024 and had warned contractors multiple times in writing that they had to meet fire safety requirements. “People are angry and think that the HK (Hong Kong) government should be accountable,” said Jean-Pierre Cabestan, a locally-based political scientist and senior research fellow at Paris’s Asia Centre think tank. READ MORE: What to know about the deadly apartment fire in Hong Kong But the leeway for dissent is limited in the former British colony, which came under Chinese control in 1997 and has moved to quiet public criticism on national security grounds. “There are rumors being spread by bad people giving fake news about the firefighters not employing the correct tactics to fight the fire, or victims being charged 8,000 Hong Kong dollars a night to stay in hotels – these are all false,” Tang said. “We will arrest these rumor mongers.” On Saturday, the Office for Safeguarding National Security blasted what it called “evil schemes” that had “the ulterior motives of using the disaster to create trouble and disrupt Hong Kong.” It did not give specifics. Tang would not give specific details of the three arrests, but said that police “must take action” against those who try to “endanger national security,” saying broadly that some people have been “taking advantage of the saddening moment … and attempting to incite hatred against the government.” Dissent in the city has been muzzled since hundreds of thousands took to the streets in 2019 against government plans to allow extradition to mainland China.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/son-el-chapo-set-change-plea-hearing-us-128003773
Article: drug trafficking case, months after his brother entered a plea deal Son of ‘El Chapo’ is set for a change-of-plea hearing in US drug case FILE - This image provided by the U.S. Joaquin Guzman Lopez had been scheduled to be in court Monday in Chicago for a status hearing, but a court document said the appearance would now be a change-of-plea hearing. Ovidio Guzman Lopez was the first son of drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman to enter a plea deal, for which he admitted to helping oversee the production and smuggling of large quantities of cocaine, heroin, methamphetamine, marijuana and fentanyl into the United States, fueling a crisis that has contributed to tens of thousands of overdose deaths annually. Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman is serving a life sentence after being convicted in 2019 for his role as the former leader of the Sinaloa cartel, having smuggled mountains of cocaine and other drugs into the United States over 25 years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/new-york-advances-casinos-bronx-golf-mets-stadium-128003138
Article: Casinos proposed for next to the New York Mets’ ballpark and at a golf course in the Bronx are poised to cash in on a lucrative state gambling license for the New York City area New York advances casinos at a Bronx golf course and near Mets stadium FILE - This image rendering provided by Hard Rock International, shows the Hard Rock's casino proposal in the Queens borough of New York, adjacent to Citified. (Hard Rock International via AP, File) FILE - This image rendering provided by Hard Rock International, shows the Hard Rock's casino proposal in the Queens borough of New York, adjacent to Citified. (Hard Rock International via AP, File) NEW YORK -- Casinos proposed for a golf course in the Bronx and next to the New York Mets’ ballpark are poised to cash in on a lucrative state gambling license for the New York City area. The Rhode Island-based company purchased the rights to operate the public 18-hole course from the Trump Organization in 2023, with the promise to pony up another $115 million if it won a casino license. The recommendations now head to the state Gaming Commission, which is expected to formally issue the licenses before the end of the year, as the gambling revenues from the facilities are already factored into the state budget. The commission is authorized to license up to three casinos in the New York City area after voters approved a referendum back in 2013 opening the door to casino gambling across the state. They also noted the individual aspects of the plans that made them compelling, from the Jack Nicklaus-designed golf course included in Bally’s Bronx proposal to the Hard Rock casino’s potential to “unify an already vibrant” area of Queens anchored by Citifield. In the Bronx, Bally’s has proposed a $4 billion development on a parking lot and some practice greens at the city-owned Ferry’s Point golf course, which was previously run by Trump’s company.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/south-african-radio-presenter-arrested-suspicion-recruiting-fighters-128002838
Article: A South African radio presenter has appeared in court accused of recruiting men to fight for Russia in Ukraine A person walks past a billboard showing a Russian soldier participating in military actions in the Ukraine reading: "The pride of Russia", in St. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky) CAPE TOWN, South Africa -- A South African radio presenter appeared in court on Monday accused of recruiting men to fight for Russia in the war in Ukraine. The arrest of Mantula, a presenter on the state broadcaster's SAFM radio station, came as police are separately investigating a daughter of former South African President Jacob Zuma for allegedly tricking another 17 men into fighting as mercenaries for Russia in Ukraine. The South African government said last month that it received distress calls from the 17 South Africans, who had been forced to fight for a Russian mercenary group in eastern Ukraine and were now trapped there. The South African government launched a separate investigating into how the men came to be on the front lines of the war and is working with international law enforcement agencies to repatriate them. It has also been accused of tricking women from South Africa and other parts of Africa into working in Russian drone factories through social media campaigns promising them jobs in fields like catering and hospitality. A 2023 report by the international nonprofit Centre for Information Resilience said Zuma-Sambudla's social media account was instrumental in spreading pro-Russia messages soon after its invasion of Ukraine in early 2022.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/controversial-infant-jesus-stolen-belgian-nativity-scene-128002810
Article: Belgian authorities are puzzled by the theft of an infant Jesus icon from a Nativity scene in Brussels A Nativity scene containing characters with cloth faces, by Belgian artist Victoria-Maria Geyer, is displayed in a white tent in Brussels, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Sylvain Plazy) BRUSSELS -- Belgian authorities are mystified over a brazen theft over the weekend from a Christmas Nativity scene of an icon of infant Jesus Christ that had been widely scorned online. Snatched from his crib on the Grand Place in historic old Brussels between late Friday night or early Saturday morning, this specific version of infant Jesus is part of a nativity scene which has been at the center of a maelstrom on social media because the faces of the characters lack eyes, noses and mouths. Artist Victoria-Maria Geyer crafted the nativity figure out of cloth in hopes the faithful from Japan to Namibia would see themselves in the soft fabrics lacking any identifying features, so that “every Catholic, regardless of their background or origins can identify themselves” in the biblical story of the birth of Christ, she said. Georges-Louis Bouchez, the head of the center-right MR party, which is part of Belgium's ruling coalition, said a post on X that Geyers’ cloth Christ “in no way represent the spirit of Christmas.” He compared the figures to what he called “zombie-like” people found at train stations. Last year more than 4 million people visited the Christmas market in the center of Brussels’ historic old city to sip mulled wine and hot chocolate and shop at 238 vendors of toys, clothes and ornaments. The center of the square is an enormous Christmas tree looming over a simple white tent holding the manger scene with the figures made by Geyer, a self-professed devout Catholic. Her work was selected by both the local Catholic church and the City of Brussels in an annual tradition, said Delphine Romanus, deputy director of Brussels Major Events, which manages the manger and market. “What is intolerable is that people attack the work of an artist to damage it and to turn it into a kind of stupid little controversy that ridicules Brussels.” ——— Associated Press writer Sam McNeil contributed to this report.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/josh-brown-bought-this-tech-stock-when-he-was-a-retail-broker-decades-ago-now-its-back-on-his-radar.html
Article: (This is The Best Stocks in the Market , brought to you by Josh Brown and Sean Russo of Ritholtz Wealth Management.) Josh — Sean and I are going to revisit our recent Morgan Stanley (MS) write-up because the stock is behaving exactly as we hoped it would, bounding off of support and racing toward new highs. The stock had been on our list since August but this was a specific set-up we wanted to highlight as the stock was finding support at the 50-day moving average. This past week, it stumbled slightly below, but the buyers pulled a kick-save (and a beaut!), invalidating this false breakdown within a day or two." As you can see in the chart below, MS did indeed bounce off that 50-day and has since shot back up to within inches of a record price. Sean — Ciena posted an impressive fiscal Q3 2025, generating $1.22 billion in revenue — a 29.4% increase from the prior year — fueled by strong demand for AI-driven network infrastructure and high-speed connectivity. The company produced an 11% free cash flow margin and closed the quarter with a record order backlog well above revenue, proving the business's accelerating momentum from cloud and service providers investing in advanced optical networking solutions. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/were-adding-to-a-stock-with-future-promise-whose-recent-slide-has-stabilized.html
Article: This is our first Boeing purchase since the first week of November, when the stock dropped 10% in a matter of days to around $200 after a disappointing third-quarter earnings report, which featured a larger-than-expected charge on its 777x program. We didn't keep adding to this position from $200 all the way down because the stock traded like a falling knife, and we wanted to see it stabilize before putting more money to work. Boeing has been a big disappointment since it was added to the portfolio, but we still think better days are ahead as the aircraft maker increases monthly production and deliveries of its 737 Max jets, leading to a significant boost to free cash flow over the next few years. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/ukraine-seeks-to-shore-up-support-in-brussels-paris?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has met his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron in Paris to bolster support for Kyiv, as Ukrainian and European defence chiefs gathered in Brussels for talks centred around Ukrainian and collective security. EU ministers Reporting from Brussels, where a meeting of the European Union’s defence ministers, also attended by Ukraine’s Defence Minister Denys Shmyhal, took place on Monday, Al Jazeera’s Hashem Alhelbarra said Kyiv’s European allies wanted to see “an agreement where there’s no notion of part of Ukraine being handed over to Russia as the price they have to pay for a permanent deal”. Meanwhile, Zelenskyy said on social media that he had briefed Finland’s President Alexander Stubb on “the signals we have received from the American side”, following a day of talks on Sunday between Ukrainian and American negotiators in Florida. Advertisement The Ukrainian leader also confirmed that he had spoken to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and NATO boss Mark Rutte, saying “these are important days, and much can change”. Zelenskyy has described talks in the United States on Sunday between US and Ukrainian negotiators as “very constructive”, but noted that there were “some tough issues that still have to be worked through”. “There are a lot of moving parts, and obviously there’s another party involved here that will have to be a part of the equation, and that will continue later this week when Mr Witkoff travels to Moscow,” he said. Reporting from Kyiv, Al Jazeera’s Rory Challands said the Ukrainians would be happy that Rubio, whom they see as the Trump administration’s most Ukraine-friendly senior official, was currently leading the negotiations. Sticking to his maximalist demands, Putin has said he will end the war only when Ukrainian troops withdraw from four of its regions Russia illegally annexed in 2022 but does not fully control. Deadly attack on Dnipro Elsewhere, at least four people were killed and 40 others injured, 11 critically, in a Russian missile attack on the Ukrainian city of Dnipro on Monday, according to Vladyslav Gaivanenko, the acting governor of Dnipropetrovsk region.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17220180/texas-election-2026-gary-vandeaver-greg-abbott
Article: “I am deeply grateful to the great people of HD1 for the trust you have shown in me,” VanDeaver said in his announcement, adding that he would serve out the rest of his term through January 2027. “While much of my work over the past decade has been with a focus on making Texas better, I have always tried to view that work through the lens of ensuring rural Texas, and especially our little corner here in Northeast Texas, is positioned for the brightest future possible.” VanDeaver was one of two Republicans in the Texas House to oppose private school vouchers this year, despite intense pressure from Gov. He was one of five lawmakers censured by the Texas Republican Party in October for opposing a handful of the state GOP’s legislative priorities and for supporting Speaker Dustin Burrows’ bid for the gavel. Since his election to the Texas House in 2014, VanDeaver represented House District 1, which covers the rural northeast corner of Texas and includes Bowie, Cass, Lamar, Morris and Red River counties.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/gangs-launch-large-scale-attack-haitis-central-region-128002741
Article: Heavily armed gangs have attacked Haiti’s central region, killing men, women and children and setting fire to homes By JUNIOR RACINE Associated Press , DÁNICA COTO Associated Press , and EVENS SANON Associated Press SAINT-MARC, Haiti -- Heavily armed gangs attacked Haiti’s central region over the weekend, killing men, women and children as they set fire to homes and forced survivors to flee into the darkness. “Losing the country’s 2 largest departments – West and Artibonite – is the greatest security failure in modern Haitian history.” The bulk of Haiti’s police force and the Kenyan officers leading a U.N.-backed mission to help repel gangs are in the capital, Port-au-Prince, which itself is largely held by gangs. Guerby Simeus, a Pont-Sondé official, told The Associated Press by phone on Monday that he had confirmed nearly a dozen deaths, including a mother and her child and a local government employee. Many survivors fled to the coastal town of Saint-Marc, where hundreds of angry people on Monday demanded that the government take action against gangs who have repeatedly attacked Haiti's central region. The attacks were blamed on the Gran Grif gang, which operates in the area and was responsible for an attack on Pont-Sondé in October 2024 that killed at least 100 people, one of the biggest massacres in Haiti’s recent history. “I heard heavy shooting, so much shooting,” one unidentified man recalled to The Associated Press and criticized the lack of police, saying he was stuck inside his house all weekend until Monday morning. has said killings have risen dramatically in Haiti’s Artibonite and Centre departments this year, with 1,303 victims reported from January to August, compared with 419 during the same period in 2024. “These assaults underscore the capacity of gangs to consolidate control across a corridor from the Centre to the Artibonite amid limited law enforcement presence and logistical constraints,” a recent U.N. “Blood continues to flow, lives and property continues to be lost in front of a government incapable of addressing the population’s problems for more than a year,” he wrote on X, adding: “Stability???!” ___ Coto reported from San Juan, Puerto Rico and Sanon from Port-au-Prince, Haiti.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ebola-outbreak-congo-health-minister-128001707
Article: The recent Ebola outbreak in Congo has been declared over by health officials Ebola outbreak in Congo is over, health minister says KINSHASA, Congo -- Congo announced the end of the country's 16th Ebola outbreak on Monday. “To date, the DRC has 53 confirmed cases, 43 deaths, and 11 probable cases related to the 16th Ebola outbreak, with an overall positive trend,“ Minister for Health Roger Kamba said in the capital, Kinshasa. He added: “Indeed, no new confirmed cases have been recorded for 45 consecutive days.” Kamba said more than 27,000 people were vaccinated, including 4,000 frontline workers, which the minister credited for helping to stem the outbreak. He noted the Central African nation is still battling other outbreaks, including cholera and mpox The government announced the Ebola outbreak in September in Bulape, in the southern Kasai province. The outbreak added a fresh layer of worry for the Central African country, which has been battling the M23 rebel group, which launched a rapid assault in January in the eastern region of the country and has since occupied key cities.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/bitcoin-dips-below-85000-crypto-currency-rout-128005019
Article: Bitcoin and companies tied to cryptocurrencies are extending a nearly two-month swoon, tracking with a broader market sell-off in technology companies that many see as overvalued FILE - Bitcoin tokens are seen on April 3, 2013, in Sandy, Utah. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File) Bitcoin and companies tied to cryptocurrencies extended a nearly two-month swoon Monday, tracking with a broader market sell-off in technology companies that many see as overvalued. In a research note to clients last week, Deutsche Bank analysts also attributed the recent declines in crypto to institutional selling, other long-term holders collecting profits and a more hawkish Federal Reserve.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/nvidia-shares-to-retreat-20percent-on-competitive-pressures-says-only-analyst-with-sell-rating.html
Article: NVDA YTD mountain NVDA YTD chart While Goldberg believes that Nvidia's business remains solid, the rush of the AI boom has led to a variety of "sales mechanisms" and "fairly opaque accounting." "Last week, the Internet was full of all accounting theories around Nvidia, which we will address. These measures are not fully reflected in financials, but they are already material and look likely to grow significantly next year." For instance, Goldberg pointed specifically to the $26 billion worth of Nvidia's pre-paid cloud compute expenses, which the chipmaker has expressed will be used for R & D and cloud offerings for its DGX platform. Nonetheless, the scope of this effort is growing considerably, which we think speaks to the growing competitive market Nvidia faces." As another tailwind, the analyst also pointed to growing competition coming from Google's internally designed TPUs. Even though TPUs cannot be used by all clients, Goldberg wrote that they can already outperform Nvidia systems on many metrics, and he is surprised by "the degree to which Google has become adept at promoting the use of TPU to third parties." Out of the 66 analysts currently covering Nvidia, 59 maintain a strong buy or buy rating.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/us-announces-zero-tariff-pharmaceutical-deal-with-britain.html
Article: "The United States and the United Kingdom announce this negotiated outcome pricing for innovative pharmaceuticals, which will help drive investment and innovation in both countries," United States Trade Representative Jamieson Greer said in a statement. Two sources familiar with the deal said it involved a major change in the value appraisal framework at NICE, a UK government body that determines whether new drugs are cost-effective for the NHS, the sources said. The pharmaceutical industry has criticized a tough operating environment in Britain and some major firms have cancelled or paused investment in Britain, including AstraZeneca , the largest firm on the London Stock Exchange by market value. One point of contention between the sector and the government has been the operation of a voluntary pricing scheme which sees firms put a proportion of sales to the NHS back in to the health service.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/trump-commutes-7-year-prison-sentence-former-private-equity-ceo-david-rcna246744
Article: Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York, which brought the indictment during the Biden administration, said at the time that the "charges related to a years-long scheme to defraud more than 10,000 investors by misrepresenting the source of funds used to make monthly distribution payments and the amount of revenue generated by three of GPB’s investment funds." Gentile was charged and convicted alongside Jeffry Schneider, the owner of a marketing firm, whom prosecutors said marketed GPB funds to investors. The official said GPB paid regular annualized distributions to its investors and in 2015, the company "disclosed to investors the possibility of using investor capital to pay some of these distributions rather than funding them from current operations." "Even though this was disclosed to investors the Biden Department of Justice claimed this was a Ponzi scheme," the official said. In May, Trump pardoned and commuted the sentences of former reality TV stars Todd and Julie Chrisley, who were convicted of fraud, tax evasion and conspiracy to defraud the United States.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c79x3w1pwg5o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Starmer says he is proud of Budget as he denies misleading public 16 minutes ago Share Save Becky Morton Political reporter Share Save Watch: Sir Keir Starmer denies "misleading" ahead of Budget Sir Keir Starmer has denied his chancellor misled the public about the nation's finances ahead of last week's Budget. The prime minister insisted there was "no misleading", pointing to downgraded forecasts for economic productivity which he said meant the government had £16bn less than it otherwise would have had. In the run-up to her Budget on 26 November, Reeves gave strong indications the government was planning to increase income tax rates - a move which would have broken a key manifesto promise made by Labour during last year's general election campaign. In a rare Downing Street news conference on 4 November, she warned this "has consequences for the public finances too, in lower tax receipts", in comments which were widely interpreted as laying the ground for tax rises. However, on Friday the OBR revealed it had told the Treasury before the chancellor's news conference that the downgrade to productivity was offset by higher wages, which increase the government's tax revenues. This was not made public until the Financial Times reported on 13 November that income tax rates would not go up in the Budget after all, when government sources explained the move by citing better-than-expected forecasts on wages and tax receipts. Ultimately, the Budget included £26bn of tax rises, with £8bn raised by extending the freeze on income tax and National Insurance thresholds for a further three years, but no increase in the rates of income tax. Taking questions from journalists after his speech, Sir Keir was asked by BBC political editor Chris Mason whether, by failing to be candid about what she knew about the public finances in her pre-Budget news conference, Reeves misled the public. So there's no misleading there." Sir Keir also confirmed publicly for the first time there was a point when the government thought it would have to break its manifesto pledge on tax. He added: "I didn't want to breach the manifesto, and that's why we came to the decisions that we did." Badenoch has called for Reeves to resign, saying people made "real decisions because the chancellor was telling them that she was going to raise all sorts of taxes, only for us to find out that was not the case". Others fixed their mortgages in a way they would not have done." While she did not call for the PM to go, Badenoch said "if he had anything to do with those misleading briefings, he has questions to answer". The PM said the Budget "was a moment of personal pride", highlighting how the decision to scrap the two-child benefit cap would lift hundreds of thousands of children out of poverty. Challenged over whether he could get the support of his own MPs to reform the system, Sir Keir said this was a "moral mission" and there was a "strong consensus" on the need to get young people into work. He did not give further details about potential reforms, saying two ongoing reviews into "Neets" - 16-24-year-olds who are not in education, employment or training - and another on health and disability benefits needed to "complete their course". The prime minister also insisted the Budget would boost economic growth, despite the OBR concluding that not a single measure it included would change the watchdog's growth forecast for the next five years. However, Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey said: "Keir Starmer's speech talked about boosting growth but he is refusing to do the single biggest thing to achieve that - fixing our trade with the EU through a new customs union."

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c7vmn61l75ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Gentile, the former chief executive and founder of GPB Capital, was convicted last year in what federal prosecutors described as a multi-year scheme to defraud more than 10,000 investors by misrepresenting the performance of private equity funds. US attorney Joseph Nocella said at the time of Gentile's sentencing that GPB Capital was built on a "foundation of lies" and that the company made $1.6bn (£1.2bn) while using investor capital to pay distributions to other investors. But the White House says the Department of Justice under former President Joe Biden made multiple missteps - and that investors were aware that their money could be going towards other people's dividends. "This claim was profoundly undercut by the fact that GPB had explicitly told investors what would happen." The official also cited concerns from Gentile that prosecutors had elicited false testimony.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj6xw9w976jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'It's the golden age of spreadsheet geekery' 11 hours ago Share Save Jasmine Ketibuah-Foley West of England Share Save MEWC Contenders at the Microsoft Excel World Championships compete for a wrestling-style belt "Who doesn't want to be the spreadsheet champion?" That is what the co-founders of the UK Microsoft Excel chapter said when explaining how the everyday computer programme Microsoft Excel became a competitive e-sport. For a few years now, spreadsheet masters have been working hard to get their hands on the wrestling style UK and world champion belts that are awarded to the winners of Microsoft Excel Championships - and in the west of England the race is on to find new talent to galvanise on the sport's growing popularity. Competitive excel has been around for about 20 years and is essentially a puzzle solving competition, thinking logically about how you can create a general solution to a question which is scalable and fast. At the start of the first round they are all sent an excel file at the same time and have a 30-minute window to answer as many questions in that file as they can. Mr Arnot and Mr Male set up an Excel meetup group this year in Bristol that has more than 150 members from across the west country and some from the south of England. "But once you get higher up [to the world championship level] - at that point maths logic really helps." Mr Male explained there was a strong community of "excel geeks" across the world, but said they were "ready to find talent in the west". "We want to inspire the next generation of Excel geeks and superstars." MEWC Mr Male said he wants to inspire the next generation What is the future of competitive Excel? "Some of the problems they've been solving 10 years ago, many of those problems that were really difficult to solve are now quite easy to solve in the modern application," he said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c98ng15qmy9o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Maccabi fan ban evidence 'changed to fit decision' 39 minutes ago Share Save Vanessa Pearce West Midlands Share Save Reuters Police chiefs are giving evidence to MPs about the controversial ban Evidence cited by police which led to the controversial banning of Maccabi Tel Aviv fans from a match against Aston Villa was based on facts changed to fit a decision, a group of MPs has heard. Some of the evidence "conflated" different things in regard to a fixture against Ajax in Amsterdam, he said, giving one example of running street battles that did not occur on a match day. "We have taken a careful approach," he told MPs, adding: "We haven't made anything fit." House of Commons West Midlands Police chiefs have been giving evidence to the Home Affairs Committee Maccabi Tel Aviv fans were prohibited from attending the 6 November game at Villa Park in Birmingham, a decision that was later reviewed. The match, policed by more than 700 officers, passed off without serious disorder and only a handful of arrests, following the decision on the ban by the city's Safety Advisory Group (SAG), a panel that includes Birmingham City Council as well as police. Lord Mann also highlighted an error in the West Midlands Police intelligence report which referenced a match between Maccabi Tel Aviv and West Ham, which had never happened, he said. "Had we allowed the fans and it had gone wrong I feel that I would be sitting here again anyway." House of Commons Chief Constable Craig Guildford has defended the decision to ban the Israeli fans In the wake of the ban, the prime minister criticised the move, saying "we will not tolerate antisemitism on our streets" and that the role of police was "to ensure all football fans can enjoy the game, without fear of violence or intimidation". Asked by MPs if he thought it was appropriate for the government to comment on operational decisions, the chief constable said politicians "should freely be allowed to express their views.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/c93wgqgl5eko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Zhao has had a rollercoaster few years after he announced himself to the snooker world in 2021 by winning the UK Championship title, beating Luca Brecel 10-5 in the final in York. He made his return to top-level snooker at the UK Championship last year and then produced a sensational nine-match run from the first qualifying round of the World Championship to the Crucible final before making history as the first ever Chinese world champion. "There's a lot of pressure and that's a big problem for me so I'm learning how to enjoy the table and when I win any match I'm just very happy. "This is my first time to be famous and I'm very busy, I don't have time to practise but now I'm trying to get the balance and trying to get better.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/g-s1-99279/fired-worker-sues-government
Article: Fired worker sues government in case that could upend civil rights laws toggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images North America Tania Nemer is one of dozens of immigration judges fired by the Trump administration this year. Nemer alleges that despite top performance reviews, she was dismissed from her job because of her gender, her status as a dual citizen of Lebanon, and the fact that she once ran for municipal office in Ohio as a Democrat. "This is a case in which the President of the United States has asserted a constitutional right to discriminate against federal employees," wrote her lawyer, Nathaniel Zelinsky, of the Washington Litigation Group. "If the government prevails in transforming the law, it will eviscerate the professional, non-partisan civil service as we know it." The administration abruptly fired Nemer in early February, summoning her from the bench and escorting her out of a federal building in Cleveland. That office dismissed her claims in September, asserting in its decision that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act conflicts with the president's power to remove federal workers within the executive branch. But her lawsuit pointed out that in the administrative process, a senior Justice Department immigration official mentioned driving offenses from the late 1990s and early 2000s as well as two local tax cases Nemer had disclosed as part of a background check to become an immigration judge—issues her lawsuit casts as a "pretext." The Justice Department declined to comment on the lawsuit.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/the-defense-department-is-investigating-kelly-over-the-illegal-orders-video-experts-doubt-they-can-actually-prosecute-him
Article: The Pentagon announced the investigation last week after President Donald Trump’s social media post accusing Kelly — and the five other Democratic lawmakers in the video — of sedition “punishable by DEATH.” Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said Kelly was facing investigation because he is the only one in that group who formally retired from the military and is still under the Pentagon’s jurisdiction. Kelly dismissed the inquiry as the work of “bullies” and said it would not deter him and other members of Congress “from doing our jobs and holding this administration accountable.” ‘It’s not totally unheard of’ Stephen Vladeck, a Georgetown University law professor, said there has been a “significant uptick” in courts-martial of retired service members in the past decade. Basically no one else had jurisdiction so we prosecuted him.” A ‘ridiculous conclusion’ Colby Vokey, a prominent civilian military lawyer and former military prosecutor, said Hegseth appears to be misreading the Uniform Code of Military Justice to justify the Kelly investigation. Kelly after video urging troops to defy ‘illegal orders’ Vokey said case law has evolved to where the military can prosecute an active-duty service member for a crime committed off base, such as robbing a convenience store. But applying military law to a retired service member and “assuming that means every offense ever is kind of a ridiculous conclusion.” “Let’s say you have a 100-year-old World War II veteran who is retired with pay and he steals a candy bar,” Vokey said. And that in effect is what is happening with Kelly.” Patrick McLain, a retired Marine Corps judge and former federal prosecutor, said the cases he has seen of retirees being called back “are more like extreme examples of fraud or some of these child pornography cases.” “I’ve not seen anything like the kind of the wackadoodle thing they’re trying to do to Sen. ‘He did it as a civilian’ Charles Dunlap, a Duke University law professor and retired Air Force lawyer, said in an email that military law can restrict speech for service members that is protected for civilians under the First Amendment. But even if the video was found to have violated military law, a key issue may be whether the law can be applied to someone who is retired, Dunlap said. Broad legal precedence also holds that just following orders — colloquially known as the “Nuremberg defense,” as it was used unsuccessfully by senior Nazi officials to justify their actions under Adolf Hitler — does not absolve troops. Kelly has pointedly questioned the use of the military to attack alleged drug boats off South America’s coast, saying he was worried about the military officers involved with the mission and whether they were following orders that may have been illegal. WATCH: Military personnel seek legal advice on whether Trump-ordered missions are lawful Michael O’Hanlon, director of research in the foreign policy program at the Brookings Institution, said any case brought against Kelly likely would be thrown out or end in an acquittal. He did it as a civilian.” Separation of powers Kelly’s status as a senator could block the Pentagon’s investigation because of constitutional protections for the separation of powers in the U.S government. “Having a United States senator subject to discipline at the behest of the secretary of defense and the president — that violates a core principle of legislative independence,” Kreis said in a telephone interview.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/pope-leo-xiv-prays-for-peace-at-tomb-of-lebanese-saint-revered-by-christians-and-muslims-alike
Article: ANNAYA, Lebanon (AP) — Pope Leo XIV prayed Monday at the tomb of a Lebanese saint revered among Christians and Muslims as he brought a message of peace, hope and religious coexistence to a region torn by conflict. Bells rang out as Leo’s covered popemobile snaked its way through the rain and thousands of enthusiastic Lebanese lining his motorcade route into Annaya, around 40 kilometers (25 miles) from Beirut. We especially implore it for Lebanon and for the entire Levant.” Leo’s visit to the tomb, the first by a pope, opened a busy day for history’s first American pope. A message of peace in a time of turmoil There, Leo was expected to hammer home his core message of peace and Christian-Muslim coexistence in Lebanon and beyond at a time of conflict in Gaza and political tensions in Lebanon that are worse than they have been in years. Youssef Nasr, the secretary-general of Catholic Schools in Lebanon who was on hand to welcome Leo at the Our Lady of Lebanon Basilica in Harissa, a town north of Beirut. “The pope’s visit gives a new push to the Lebanese to rise and cling to their country.” READ MORE: Pope calls on Lebanese leaders to be true peacemakers as he seeks to bring message of hope More recently, Lebanon has been deeply divided over calls for Hezbollah, a Lebanese militant group and political party, to disarm after fighting a war with Israel last year that left the country deeply damaged. Leo was to end the day at a rally for Lebanese youth at Bkerki, the seat of the Maronite church, where he is expected to encourage them to persevere and not leave the country like many others despite Lebanon’s many challenges. In his opening speech, Leo challenged Lebanon’s political leaders to put aside their differences and work to be true peacemakers, while also urging Lebanese Christians in particular to remain in the country. Today, Christians make up around a third of Lebanon’s 5 million people, giving the small nation on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean the largest percentage of Christians in the Middle East. A power sharing agreement in place since independence from France calls for the president to be a Maronite Christian, making Lebanon the only Arab country with a Christian head of state. Lebanon’s Christian community has endured in its ancestral homeland even as the rise of the Islamic State drove an exodus from communities in Iraq and Syria that dated to the time of the Apostles. While the Christian exodus in Lebanon has been at a slower trickle after the main flight during the civil war, emigration remains a concern for the Vatican, which sees the Christian presence here as a bulwark for the church in the region. “No one can uproot us from this country, we must live it in it as brothers because the church has no enemy.” Bishop Antoine-Charbel Tarabay accompanied a group of 60 people from the Lebanese diaspora in Australia to welcome Leo and join in his prayer for peace but to also reinforce the Christian presence in the country. “We don’t like to see more and more people leaving Lebanon, especially the Christians.” Tarabay said Lebanese were grateful that Leo chose to visit on his maiden voyage as pope.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/uk-fiscal-watchdog-chair-quits-over-mistakenly-published-budget-report.html
Article: The Office of Budget Responsibility (OBR) released its economic and fiscal forecasts on the budget's measures about 40 minutes before Chancellor Rachel Reeves was due to begin delivering it last Wednesday, sending yields on British government debt see-sawing. In a letter addressed to Reeves and Dame Meg Hillier, a lawmaker who chairs parliament's Treasury Select Committee, Hughes said that the "inadvertent early dissemination of our Economic and fiscal outlook on 26 November was a technical but serious error." The OBR has submitted a report to the Treasury and the Treasury Committee of the House of Commons detailing how and why the early release happened, and "identifies the further actions the Office will take to ensure that it never happens again," the letter stated. "By implementing the recommendations in this report, I am certain the OBR can quickly regain and restore the confidence and esteem that it has earned through 15 years of rigorous, independent, economic analysis," he added. Reeves responded by thanking Hughes "for his public service and for leading the Office for Budget Responsibility over the past five years and for his many years of public service." "This government is committed to protecting the independence of the OBR and the integrity of our fiscal framework and institutions," she added.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/jim-cramer-says-to-buy-shares-of-this-auto-retailer-if-they-fall-again.html
Article: "They're doing many things right, but I would point out that [a] dip is a pretty good opportunity." "There are still people who remember that [Carvana] had trouble," Cramer said, a nod to the stock's awful 2022 performance , when Carvana fell out of Wall Street's favor and plunged 98% in a year due to poor macroeconomic conditions. "I'm saying drop that narrative and accept the fact that these guys are winning in one of the biggest markets in the world." Analysts at UBS agree: On Monday, they initiated coverage of Carvana with a buy rating and a $450 price target, implying an upside of around 20% from Friday's close.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/1/us-uk-agree-to-zero-tariffs-on-medicines-uk-commits-to-higher-spending?traffic_source=rss
Article: The United States has announced a new trade deal with the United Kingdom that includes zero tariffs on pharmaceutical and medical products in exchange for the UK spending more on medicines, the first significant spending increase in more than 20 years, and overhauling how it values drugs. “The United States and the United Kingdom announce this negotiated outcome pricing for innovative pharmaceuticals, which will help drive investment and innovation in both countries,” US Trade Representative Jamieson Greer said in a statement. Two sources familiar with the deal said it involved a major change in the value appraisal framework at the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), a UK government body that determines whether new drugs are cost-effective for the NHS, the sources said. US President Donald Trump has pressed the UK and the rest of Europe to pay more for US medicines, part of his push for their costs to be brought more in line with those paid in other wealthy nations. Advertisement The pharmaceutical industry has criticised a tough operating environment in the UK, and some big firms have cancelled or paused investment in the UK, including AstraZeneca, the largest on the London Stock Exchange by market value. One point of contention between the sector and the government has been the operation of a voluntary pricing scheme, which sees firms put a proportion of sales to the NHS back into the health service. ‘Cutting-edge medicines’ British science and technology minister, Liz Kendall, said on Monday a new pharmaceutical deal with the US will encourage life sciences companies to continue investing and innovating in the UK. “This vital deal will ensure UK patients get the cutting-edge medicines they need sooner, and our world-leading UK firms keep developing the treatments that can change lives,” Kendall said in a statement.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/1/from-war-to-winter-gaza-couple-wait-to-welcome-baby-in-flooded-tent?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Everything I prepared was submerged, even the diapers and the box of milk formula.” Samar, her husband, and their three children live in a tent in Deir el-Balah, near tents where her mother and siblings live. How am I supposed to welcome my baby girl like this?” While Samar tries to salvage clothes and blankets, her husband and brothers shovel sand into the pools of water that have swallowed their living space. Since the war began two years ago, aid organisations have warned that Gaza’s displaced families would face catastrophe each time winter arrived, as they live in thin, tattered tents as a result of a strict Israeli ban on construction materials and caravans entering the Gaza Strip. We’ve been unable to find any solution.” He recounts the moment Samar called him earlier that morning while he was on his way to his first day of work at a small barbershop. “We’ve been struggling in everything since the war began, and now the rain has come to finish us off completely.” The father spoke of his immense difficulty in providing essentials for the newborn amid severe shortages and skyrocketing prices. I don’t know what to do.” Advertisement The couple cannot help but remember the life they once had; their warm, clean second-floor apartment in Tal al-Hawa, where they once lived a dignified and peaceful life, as they put it. “In my previous deliveries, I returned from the hospital to my apartment, to my comfortable bed, and I took care of myself and my baby peacefully,” she adds with grief. “Any mother in the world would understand my feelings now, the sensitivity of the last days of pregnancy, the delivery itself, and the early days afterward.” Endless displacement Like most families in Gaza, Samar’s has been displaced repeatedly, moving between Khan Younis, Rafah, Nuseirat, and Deir el-Balah. And the laundry I just washed is covered in mud again.” A few days ago, the children needed to be taken to the hospital after being bitten by insects inside the camp. It’s impossible to keep living on a sheet of plastic.” As for Abdulrahman, he sums up their reality with a single sentence as he spreads another layer of sand: “Honestly… we’ve become bodies without souls.”

Link: https://abc13.com/post/trump-says-he-would-absolutely-denaturalize-citizens-had-power/18233913/
Article: "We have criminals that came into our country and they were naturalized maybe through [ President Joe ] Biden or somebody that didn't know what they were doing," Trump said on Sunday in answer to a reporter's question. He added, "If I have the power to do it -- I'm not sure that I do, but if I do -- I would denaturalize, absolutely." President Donald Trump speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., to Joint Base Andrews, Sunday, Nov. AP Photo/Alex Brandon Trump also doubled down on his anti-immigrant rhetoric as he criticized people from Somalia who've been living in the United States and threatened his administration would pause new asylum claims for "a long time." "No time limit, but it could be a long time," Trump said when asked how long he planned to enact a pause.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy8j3lkvk92o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Teen dies after getting out of ambulance on M5 11 minutes ago Share Save Georgia Eadie , Bristol and Carys Nally , Bristol Share Save National Highways An 18-year-old man died after being hit by a car on the M5 in North Somerset A teenager who died after being hit by a car on a motorway had got out of an ambulance shortly before the crash, police say. "As well as providing support to the man's family, we are also making sure that the appropriate welfare arrangements are in place for our staff and also for those members of the public who were either directly involved or who witnessed the incident." The force said a mandatory referral has been made to the Independent Office for Police Conduct by its professional standards department. Jane Whichello from South Western Ambulance Service said: "We would like to offer our sincere condolences to the family and friends of the man involved in this incredibly sad incident. "Alongside police colleagues, our crews put their own safety at risk to help the patient and reduce the risk of harm to passing motorists, and I would like to thank them for their efforts.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5621904/oregon-sen-ron-wyden-on-extending-the-affordable-care-act-subsidies
Article: It seems in the last couple of days Trump is actually rejecting some effort at tax credits, and I think that's the only timely thing that's going to keep people from getting clobbered in the short term. FADEL: I think everyone, though, agrees that this is a short-term solution to a long-term problem, the - which is health care is unaffordable for a lot of Americans, especially without these subsidies. Is there a solution to address the root cause of high health care so this doesn't become a political debate every few years where Americans are wondering whether their premiums are going to go up?

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/see-photos-of-melania-trumps-white-house-christmas-decorations-including-a-lego-trump
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump on Monday unveiled the holiday decorations for her family’s first Christmas back at the White House and her theme is “Home Is Where the Heart Is.” Several dozen volunteer decorators from across the country helped deck the halls of the Executive Mansion with 75 wreaths, 51 Christmas trees, more than 700 feet (213 meters) of garland, more than 2,000 strands of lights, over 25,000 feet (7,620 meters) of ribbon, over 2,800 gold stars, more than 10,000 butterflies and 120 pounds (54 kilograms) of gingerbread. This year, the official White House Christmas tree, which is always on display in the Blue Room, also honors Gold Star families, those that lost a member during active-duty military service. WATCH: The long road from a Christmas tree farm to your home That tree was an East Wing fixture and the first one visitors encountered after they entered through those doors, but the building and a covered walkway, or colonnade, connecting it to the White House were demolished by Trump in October as part of his ballroom plan. Public tours, which had been suspended because of the construction, are to resume Tuesday but with a shorter route limited to just the State Floor, which includes the East Room; the Green, Blue and Red Rooms; the State Dining Room; the Cross Hall; and the Grand Foyer. The Library and the Vermeil and China Rooms on the Ground Floor — one level below the State Floor — were cut from the tour route because of the construction. “These moments remind us that the heart of America is strong and that Home Is Where The Heart Is.” Planning for the holidays starts months in advance, and the White House said Melania Trump chose every detail of the decor. The Green Room celebrates family fun, featuring large portraits of the first and the current presidents, George Washington and Donald Trump, respectively, each made from more than 6,000 Lego puzzle pieces. Thousands of blue butterflies decorate the Red Room and its tree in a celebration of young people and in tribute to Melania Trump’s Fostering the Future initiative , which is part of her Be Best child-focused initiative, to support people who have been in foster care. A holiday highlight, the gingerbread White House on display in the State Dining Room shows off the mansion’s South Portico and offers a special glimpse into the Yellow Oval Room, a sitting room off the Truman Balcony in the president’s private living quarters on the second floor. It was made using 120 pounds (54 kilograms) of gingerbread, 100 pounds (45 kilograms) of pastillage, a sugar-based modeling paste; over 10 pounds (4.5 kilograms) of chocolate and 5 pounds (2.2 kilograms) of royal icing.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-midday-snps-dis-dash-mstr.html
Article: Check out the companies making headlines in midday trading Old Dominion Freight Line — Shares of the less-than-truckload freight carrier rose more than 5% after being upgraded to outperform by BMO Capital. Strategy — With the bitcoin proxy already under pressure from falling cryptocurrency prices, shares cratered more than 11% after the company cut its outlook and sold stock to establish as $1.44 billion reserve to grapple with the drop in bitcoin's value. Synopsys — The developer of design automation models and software rose around 4% after Nvidia invested $2 billion in Synopsys common stock at $414.79 per share as part of a broad strategic partnership. Goldman said the company has a "best-in-class" Las Vegas business, while improvement in China's Macao region can "drive transformative upside." Moderna — The MRNA vaccine maker fell more than 6% after the FDA's Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research Director Vinay Prasad issued an internal memo that linked Moderna's Covid-19 vaccines to the death of 10 children, per the New York Times.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/how-amazon-became-americas-biggest-clothing-seller.html
Article: Amazon's market share for the apparel and footwear segment reached nearly 13% in 2024, with sales over $67 billion, more than double Walmart's about $32 billion business, according to a Wells Fargo industry note published in September. "If the FTC is successful in this lawsuit, the result would be anticompetitive and anti-consumer because we'd have to stop many of the things we do to offer and highlight low prices—a perverse result that would be directly opposed to the goals of antitrust law." The lawsuit also says that sellers are often forced to pay nearly 50% of their revenue in fees to Amazon. And I think what they're saying is that the volume they're getting, especially in light of the challenge of acquiring new customers, is worth the tradeoffs of these kind of little hits away to the margin from the expenses to Amazon," said Sonia Lapinsky, head of fashion retail at AlixPartners.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cd74v35p77jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: OBR head resigns over Budget day publishing error 41 minutes ago Share Save Archie Mitchell and Rachel Clun , Business reporters Share Save BBC Chair of the OBR Richard Hughes said he took "full responsibility" for the shortcomings identified in the report The chairman of the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has resigned following the Budget day error which saw a key document published early. In a letter sent to both the chancellor and the chair of the Treasury Select Committee, Dame Meg Hillier, Mr Hughes said he believed the OBR could "quickly regain and restore the confidence and esteem" it had earned by implementing the report's recommendations. "But I also need to play my part in enabling the organisation that I have loved leading for the past five years to quickly move on from this regrettable incident," he continued. "I have, therefore, decided it is in the best interest of the OBR for me to resign as its Chair and take full responsibility to the shortcomings identified in the report." Mr Hughes had been due to face questions from the Treasury Select Committee on Tuesday about the Budget and the OBR's economic forecasts, but Dame Meg confirmed that he would no longer attend. In response to his resignation, Chancellor Rachel Reeves said: "I want to thank Richard Hughes for his public service and for leading the Office for Budget Responsibility over the past five years and for his many years of public service." But Conservative Party leader Kemi Badenoch accused the chancellor of "trying to use the chair of the OBR as her human shield". "I think it's a shame for Richard Hughes and a shame for the OBR." Mr Hughes had only recently started his second five-year term as OBR chairman, after being renominated by the chancellor in May. Prior to that, he had been director of fiscal policy at the Treasury, and earlier he was the division chief of the International Monetary Fund's fiscal affairs department for eight years. But on Friday, the OBR revealed it had told the Treasury earlier that its downgrade to productivity would be offset by higher incomes, which would boost the government's tax receipts. Asked on Monday whether Reeves had been misleading, Sir Keir said the government had committed to a number of things including cutting borrowing which meant the government "would always have to raise revenue". On Monday the report into the mishap concluded it had "inflicted heavy damage on the OBR's reputation" and had been "seriously disruptive" to the chancellor, but added that it was inadvertent. Monday's report also found that somebody gained early access to the equivalent financial forecasts in March while Reeves was delivering her Spring Statement, though they did not act on the information. Its reports are released alongside big government events such as the Budget, details of which are supposed to be kept under wraps until the chancellor announces them in the House of Commons. The OBR's early publication effectively confirmed a number of new measures, including a pay-per-mile charge on electric vehicles, and a three-year freeze on income tax and National Insurance thresholds, before the chancellor announced them. In his investigation, Prof Martin found: the OBR analysis was available at a hidden URL between 11:30 and 12:08 on the morning of the Budget an attempt was made to access the URL as early as 05:16 this was a pre-existing weakness in the OBR publication system, demonstrated by the premature access to March's forecasts early publication was related to the software the OBR chose to publish to its website, which was more suitable for a small or medium company than a major publication of critical market-sensitive data While OBR staff thought they had applied safeguards to prevent early publication, there were two errors in the way in which they were set up on the publishing platform WordPress that effectively bypassed these controls. One was to do with a plug-in (an optional extra) the OBR had installed, which had the unintended effect of bypassing the need to log in to access documents intended for future publication.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5626743/white-house-holiday-tours-east-wing
Article: After East Wing demolition, White House tours are back just in time for the holidays toggle caption Michael Zamora/NPR White House tours are set to resume Tuesday, just in time for the holidays - and with a much smaller footprint than before this year's East Wing demolition. Images of the demolition sparked controversy and outrage with some suggesting the excavators tearing into the East Wing were a metaphor for Trump's approach to the government since returning to office. toggle caption Michael Zamora/NPR On Monday morning, journalists got a first look at the new, truncated tour and a preview of decorations the White House says were "personally selected by Mrs. Trump to honor the heart of America." Sponsor Message There are 75 wreaths with red bows, 51 Christmas trees, more than 700 feet of garland, more than 2,000 strands of light, more than 25,000 feet of ribbon and 2,800 gold stars, according to the White House. Tours now start and finish in the North Portico of the White House and include stops in the East Room, Blue Room, Green Room, Red Room and State Dining Room. Sponsor Message "Home is made safe because of the Gold Star families who sacrificed for our country, wherever they might call home across the world," said Nicholas Clemens, the communications director for the first lady and an unofficial tour guide for the media preview. toggle caption Michael Zamora/NPR The Red Room features more than 10,000 blue butterflies meant to celebrate young people "including youth who've experienced foster care, who are still figuring out where home is and what that might mean," said Clemens. In addition to the butterflies, ornaments on the Christmas tree say "Be Best" and a ribbon threading through the branches reads "Fostering the Future," two of the first lady's initiatives. toggle caption Michael Zamora/NPR The East Room is decorated to mark America's 250th anniversary, which comes next year and according to the White House, showcases "the patriotic colors of our flag and some of our national symbols." A large golden curtain covers what Trump has described as a "knock out wall," that will lead to the massive ballroom he plans to build where the East Wing once stood. This one depicts the White House as viewed from the South Lawn with a giant American flag made of sugar, mirroring the new and massive flag poles added by Trump earlier this year. The second floor of the gingerbread South Portico is open so viewers can get a glimpse of the Yellow Oval, a room in the private residence where first families gather. While the East Room demolition is the highest-profile project since Trump returned to office, the president has been on a remodeling spree, making changes to the White House at a frenetic pace.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/oxford-university-press-names-rage-bait-as-2025-word-of-the-year
Article: The phrase refers to online content that is “deliberately designed to elicit anger or outrage by being frustrating, provocative or offensive,” with the aim of driving traffic to a particular social media account, Oxford said in a statement. This is a result of the algorithms used by social media companies, “because although we love fluffy cats, we’ll appreciate that we tend to engage more with negative content and content that really provokes us.” Rage bait topped two other contenders — “aura farming’’ and “biohack’’ — after public comment on a shortlist compiled by lexicographers at Oxford University Press. WATCH: In Kentucky’s coal country, a community is working to heal political divisions “Aura farming’’ means to cultivate a public image by presenting oneself in “a way intended subtly to convey an air of confidence, coolness or mystique.’’ “Biohack’’ is defined as “an attempt to improve or optimize one’s physical or mental performance, health or longevity.’’ The word of the year is selected by lexicographers at Oxford University Press who analyze new and emerging words, as well as changes in the way language is being used, to identify words of “cultural significance.” Oxford University Press, publisher of the Oxford English Dictionary, has selected a word of the year annually since 2004.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/luigi-mangione-fights-to-bar-evidence-from-state-murder-trial
Article: NEW YORK (AP) — Luigi Mangione watched stoically in court Monday as prosecutors played surveillance videos showing the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson on a New York City sidewalk last year and Mangione’s arrest five days later at a McDonald’s in Pennsylvania. Mangione, 27, pressed a finger to his lips and a thumb to his chin as he watched footage of two police officers approaching him as he ate breakfast at the McDonald’s in Altoona, Pennsylvania, about 230 miles (about 370 kilometers) west of Manhattan. He gripped a pen in his right hand, making a fist at times, as prosecutors played a 911 call from a McDonald’s manager relaying concerns from customers that Mangione looked like the suspect in Thompson’s killing. The manager said she searched online for photos of the suspect and that as Mangione sat in the restaurant, she could only see his eyebrows because he was wearing a beanie and a medical face mask. Among the evidence Mangione’s defense team wants excluded are the 9 mm handgun and a notebook in which prosecutors say he described his intent to “wack” a health insurance executive. Defense wants to bar the gun and notebook from his trial After getting state terrorism charges thrown out in September, Mangione’s lawyers are zeroing in on what they say was unconstitutional police conduct that threatens his right to a fair trial. They contend that the Manhattan district attorney’s office should be prevented from showing the gun, notebook and other items to jurors because police didn’t have a warrant to search the backpack. They also want to suppress some of Mangione’s statements to police, such as when he allegedly gave his name as Mark Rosario, because officers started asking questions before telling him he had a right to remain silent. READ MORE: Mangione’s lawyers seek dismissal of federal charges in UnitedHealthcare CEO killing Eliminating the gun and notebook would be critical wins for Mangione’s defense and a major setback for prosecutors, depriving them a possible murder weapon and evidence they say points to motive. Prosecutors have quoted extensively from Mangione’s writings in court filings, including his praise for the late Theodore Kaczynski, the convicted murderer known as the “Unabomber.” Among other things, prosecutors say, Mangione mused in his diary about rebelling against “the deadly, greed fueled health insurance cartel” and wrote that killing an industry executive “conveys a greedy bastard that had it coming.” An officer searching the backpack found with Mangione was heard in body camera footage saying she was checking to make sure there “wasn’t a bomb” in the bag. His lawyers argue that was an excuse “designed to cover up an illegal warrantless search of the backpack.” Pivotal pretrial hearing could last more than a week Court officials say the hearings could last more than a week, meaning they would extend through Thursday’s anniversary of the killing. Chris McLaughlin of the New York Police Department’s public affairs office, testified about efforts to disseminate surveillance images of the suspect to news outlets and on social media in the hours and days after the shooting. To illustrate the breadth of news coverage during the five-day search for the shooter, prosecutors played a surveillance video of the shooting that aired on Fox News Digital, footage from the network of police divers searching a pond in Central Park and clips from the network that included images of the suspected shooter that were distributed by police. One wore a green T-shirt that said: “Without a warrant, it’s not a search, it’s a violation.” Another woman held a doll of the Luigi video game character and had a smaller figurine of him clipped to her purse.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/as-regime-change-looms-at-the-fed-one-candidate-emerges-as-frontrunner-for-chair.html
Article: National Economic Council Director Kevin Hassett has been dubbed the clear favorite, buoyed by a Bloomberg News report last week that handicapped the five-person race to succeed current Chair Jerome Powell, whose term runs out in May. We'll be announcing it." Beyond that, he smirked when asked about Hassett, adding "I'm not telling you, we'll be announcing it." The candidate himself made the rounds on the weekend talk circuit, also dodging questions about his prospects. watch now "I'm really honored to be amongst a group of really great candidates," Hassett said Sunday on CBS' "Face the Nation." He did note that markets had a positive reaction to the report of him emerging as the favorite, saying that Americans "could expect President Trump to pick somebody who's going to help them, you know, have cheaper car loans and easier access to mortgages at lower rates." Shortly before that, on Fox News, Hassett merely stated, "If he picks me, I'd be happy to serve." Predictions markets have been off to the races in recent days, placing firm odds on Hassett getting the job. As of Monday afternoon, Kalshi traders assigned a 79% probability, while PredictIt put the chance at 75% and Polymarket had it at just 63%, with "no announcement by Christmas" having the second-highest probability of 22%, easily topping any of the other four finalists. A divided Fed Whomever the actual pick is will take over a Fed that is currently torn between officials who think additional interest rate cuts are warranted to head off potential trouble in the labor market against those who worry that inflation continues to pose a threat that would be exacerbated by further easing in monetary policy. In 2026, members of the rotating cast of regional presidents who get a vote on the Federal Open Market Committee will have a hawkish tilt, meaning a preference to fight inflation and hold rates steady. While they play a relatively limited role — at least compared to the chair and the Board of Governors — in setting rates and other issues related to monetary policy, public commentary from the local leaders can move markets at times. Bessent said that is part of broader issues related to outsized role the Fed has grown to play in the economy and financial markets, largely since the financial crisis when the central bank played a pivotal role in implementing programs to guide the economy out of its worst slide since the Great Depression. "I think it's time for the Fed just to move back into the background like it used to do, calm things down and work for the American people, set monetary policy on a good course," he said. Why don't they actually just come out and talk about the meaningful issues to the American people, rather than the short term view of the next meeting?" The view on regional presidents is important in that they come up for reappointment in 2026.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/1/jamaica-secures-6-7bn-for-hurricane-recovery-and-reconstruction-plan?traffic_source=rss
Article: Melissa, one of the strongest storms on record to make landfall in the Caribbean, unleashed catastrophic flooding and landslides with some 76cm (30 inches) of rain when it struck Jamaica in October, causing damage estimated at $10bn. The support will come from the CAF-Development Bank of Latin America and the Caribbean, the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the Caribbean Development Bank and the Inter-American Development Bank Group, the institutions said in a joint statement. Included in the new package is up to $3.6bn in government financing, with the largest contributions coming from the CAF-Development Bank of Latin America and the Caribbean, the Inter-American Development Bank and the World Bank, each providing up to $1bn. “By combining robust financial instruments, technical guidance, and a shared commitment to building forward better, Jamaica is well-positioned not only to restore what was lost but also to strengthen its resilience to future disasters. Continued partnership and innovation will remain central as Jamaica charts a stronger, more resilient future for all its citizens.” Advertisement Hurricane Melissa brought damages equivalent to 30 percent of Jamaica’s gross domestic product (GDP), according to the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/uk-special-forces-chiefs-covered-up-afghanistan-war-crimes-inquiry-told?traffic_source=rss
Article: The former high-ranking officer alleged that two former directors of Britain’s special forces failed to act on claims that soldiers unlawfully killed civilians in Afghanistan while operating there more than 10 years ago, according to evidence released on Monday. The whistleblower’s testimony alleged that commanders at the highest levels knew about suspected executions as early as 2011, but chose to bury the claims rather than report them to military police. Advertisement But instead of alerting investigators, the director ordered an internal review of tactics that N1466 dismissed as “a little fake exercise” designed to give the appearance of action while suppressing the truth. Johnny Mercer, the UK’s former veterans minister, told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme on Monday that the process through which this information was coming to light “has to be done fairly”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/trump-says-israel-must-seek-strong-and-true-dialogue-with-syria?traffic_source=rss
Article: United States President Donald Trump has called on Israel to maintain “strong and true” dialogue with Syria, adding it is very important “that nothing takes place that will interfere with Syria’s evolution into a prosperous state”. The statement on Truth Social on Monday came days after Israel launched its latest incursion and strikes on Syria, killing 13 people in the countryside outside of Damascus in what the fledgling government of President Ahmed al-Sharaa decried as a “war crime”. In the post, Trump did not specifically reference the Israeli incursion, the latest of a series of operations since Israel expanded its occupation in Syria’s south following the toppling of longtime leader Bashar al-Assad in December of last year. “We are doing everything within our power to make sure the Government of Syria continues to do what was intended, which is substantial, in order to build a true and prosperous Country.” Trump also characterised al-Sharaa as the regional leader working to promote stability between the two countries. “The new President of Syria, Ahmed al-Sharaa, is working diligently to make sure good things happen, and that both Syria and Israel will have a long and prosperous relationship together,” he said. Talks in doubt Al-Sharaa, a former al-Qaeda commander who Trump hosted at the White House last month, said in November that direct talks between his government and Israel on a security agreement had begun. But critics have accused Israel of taking several actions in recent weeks that would derail any chances of resetting ties, including a visit by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to Syrian territory illegally occupied by Israel in the wake of al-Assad’s fall.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/socal-santa-ana-windy-week
Article: County and southern Ventura County, where forecasters predict windspeeds between 20 and 30 mph with gusts up to 50 mph, said Robbie Munroe, meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Oxnard. Advertisement Unlike onshore winds, which bring in moisture as they blow from the ocean over the land, Santa Ana winds originate inland, gaining speed, warming up and drying out as they move from higher to lower elevations and squeeze through narrow canyons and passes. Overnight temperatures are expected to drop in the wake of each wind event, with widespread lows in the 40s for most areas and pockets of lows in the mid-20s to low 30s, he said. Advertisement The winds are expected to be strongest in the western San Fernando Valley, Santa Clarita Valley, Santa Monica Mountains and interior Los Angeles mountains near Acton southwest into Ventura County.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/as-russia-and-ukraine-mull-trumps-peace-proposal-land-and-security-seen-as-main-sticking-points
Article: Diplomats face an uphill battle to reconcile Russian and Ukrainian “red lines” as a renewed U.S.-led push to end the war gathers steam, with Ukrainian officials attending talks in the U.S. Trump said Sunday “there’s a good chance we can make a deal.” Still, officials on both sides indicated a long road ahead as key sticking points — over whether Kyiv should cede land to Moscow and how to ensure Ukraine’s future security — appear unresolved. Here is where things stand and what to expect this week: US holds talks with Kyiv then Moscow Trump representatives met the Ukrainian officials over the weekend and plan to meet with the Russians in coming days. peace plan as a starting point as he warns Ukraine’s army to withdraw Trump suggested he could eventually meet with Putin and Zelenskyy, but not until there has been more progress. Witkoff’s role in the peace efforts came under scrutiny last week following a report that he coached Yuri Ushakov, Putin’s foreign affairs adviser, on how Russia’s leader should pitch Trump on the Ukraine peace plan. Putin implied last week that he will fight as a long as it takes to achieve his goals, saying that he will stop only when Ukrainian troops withdraw from all four Ukrainian regions that Russia illegally annexed in 2022 and still doesn’t fully control. The plan, Putin said, “could form the basis for future agreements,” but it is in no way final and requires “a serious discussion.” Zelenskyy has refrained from talking about individual points, opting instead to thank Trump profusely for his efforts and emphasizing the need for Europe – whose interests are more closely aligned with Ukraine’s – to be involved. The first version of the plan granted some core Russian demands that Ukraine considers nonstarters, such as ceding land to Moscow that it doesn’t yet occupy and renouncing its bid to become a member of NATO. Zelenskyy also maintains that NATO membership is the cheapest way to guarantee Ukraine’s security, and NATO’s 32 member countries said last year that Ukraine is on an “irreversible” path to membership. Moscow, in turn, has bristled at any suggestion of a Western peacekeeping force on the ground in Ukraine, and stressed that keeping Ukraine out of NATO and NATO out of Ukraine was one of the core goals of the war. We don’t have a right not to push it to the end.” An activist with Ukraine’s nongovernmental Anti-Corruption Center, Valeriia Radchenko, said letting go of Yermak was the right decision and would open a “window of opportunity for reform.” Putin, meanwhile, seeks to project confidence, boasting of Russia’s advances on the battlefield. The Russian leader “feels more confident than ever about the battlefield situation and is convinced that he can wait until Kyiv finally accepts that it cannot win and must negotiate on Russia’s well-known terms,” Tatiana Stanovaya of the Carnegie Russia and Eurasia Center wrote on X. In Brussels, NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte is hosting Ukrainian Defense Minister Denys Shmyhal and EU defense and foreign ministers are gathering to discuss European military support for Ukraine and Europe’s defense readiness. The main issue for the EU right now is what to do with the frozen Russian assets in Belgium that the Trump peace plan in its initial version sought to use for post-war investment in Ukraine. But Belgium’s prime minister is holding out, worried about the legal implications of tapping the frozen assets for Ukraine, the impact that could have on the euro — and of Russian retaliation.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/despite-economic-uncertainty-cyber-monday-could-break-spending-records
Article: NEW YORK (AP) — Deals promoted as some of the best of the holiday season are expected to keep people across the United States glued to their computers and smartphones as the post-Thanksgiving shopping marathon wraps up on Cyber Monday. Purchases made across Cyber Week — the five major shopping days between Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday — provides a strong indication of how much shoppers are willing to spend for the holidays. “Discounts are set to remain elevated through Cyber Monday, which we expect will remain the biggest online shopping day of the season and year.” Deals on electronics and apparel are expecdted to peak Monday at 30% and 26% off average listed prices, per Adobe’s latest estimates.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/peace-remains-elusive-for-lebanese-christians-as-pope-leo-visits-war-torn-country
Article: George Karout, Pilgrim (through translator): I have great hope, God willing, that this visit will have an impact, because we are exhausted and if it doesn't change anything, we will go towards a very difficult place. Nina Bouhasin, Lebanese-American pilgrim: Well, I was born in Lebanon, educated in Lebanon, and then I met my husband in Lebanon, and then he and I came to the United States 56 years ago. Simona Foltyn: Yaroun used to be one of the most beautiful villages in the south, with old stone houses dating back hundreds of years, of the 55 Christian families that used to live here, now only 16 remain.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/former-usaid-employees-keep-dismantled-agencys-life-saving-work-afloat
Article: And I think the scariest part of that, the part that really a lot of us had to spend a lot of time sitting with and processing, was that when you knew what USAID had been doing and the importance of some of these programs for global health, for survival in crises around the world, the thought of that just blinking out was really scary. Caitlin Tulloch: As we understood that actually everything was at risk, I think that forced us to do a really terrible triage and focus on programs that we knew to be life-saving. Rob Rosenbaum: Our approach has really been to try to figure out, in a really rapid triage kind of an approach, what are the programs that are delivering the most impact per dollar spent. And as time has gone over the last eight to nine months, we've seen more and more people kind of come up and step forward and say, hey, this is something I really care about and this is a really important thing to do. And then as we move into the new year, I think we're really moving into a new phase of this thing where we are focusing on what is the design of programs that really can lead to the most impact per dollar spent and how do we continue to work with the partners who are delivering this work, who have been delivering this work for many years now to help them streamline their programming, continue to do it at the highest possible level, and then continue to bring more and more private philanthropy in to help fill some of these gaps.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/live-updates/trump-admin-live-updates/?id=127993391
Article: Bradley gave order on second strike on drug boat When asked about the report that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth ordered the military to kill all passengers aboard a boat suspected of ferrying drugs in the Caribbean Sea in September, White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt said Adm. Bradley worked well within his authority and the law, directing the engagement to ensure the boat was destroyed and the threat to the United States of America was eliminated." Leavitt added the strike was "conducted in self-defense to protect Americans and vital United States interests." She said President Donald Trump "has a right to take them out if they are threatening the United States of America."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/strong-holiday-shopping-kickoff-is-a-good-sign-for-retailers.html
Article: "The narrative that the consumer is not doing well is being challenged," said Jim Cramer on Monday on "Squawk on the Street," citing Mastercard's "pretty good numbers." Indeed, U.S retail spending excluding autos rose 4.1% year over year on Black Friday, up from 3.4% in 2024, according to Mastercard's SpendingPulse report, which tracks in-person and online spending. Amazon is Bank of America's top e-commerce pick, citing the company's artificial intelligence integration with Rufus, Amazon's AI-powered shopping assistant, better pricing versus peers, and its faster delivery speeds, the firm wrote Monday. Investors will get a clearer picture of how Costco fared in early holiday shopping when it reports November sales on Wednesday and again during its first-quarter results for fiscal 2026 on Dec. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2026-election/indiana-republicans-swatting-attacks-redistricting-rcna246689
Article: At least nine elected Republicans in Indiana have been the target of swatting attacks in the weeks since President Donald Trump publicly pressured state lawmakers to pass new congressional maps that would benefit Republicans. "Threats like these to public officials are unacceptable, and I know law enforcement will do everything they can to bring whoever did this to justice." She added: “This threat will not stop me from serving my community to the best of my ability. As legislators in the Indiana General Assembly, we must do what is right for our constituents.” The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about Leising’s statement. “Very disappointed in Indiana State Senate Republicans, led by RINO Senators Rod Bray and Greg Goode, for not wanting to redistrict their State, allowing the United States Congress to perhaps gain two more Republican seats,” Trump wrote in his Nov. Spencer Deery also released a statement saying that law enforcement "thwarted an attempted swatting attack on me and my family." "The swatting attempt on our home was preceded the night before by someone sending an unpaid pizza delivery to my address," he said in a statement. "These threats to lawmakers, including those received by me and my family in recent days, need to stop.” State House Speaker Todd Huston, a Republican, and the chamber's top Democrat, Phil GiaQuinta, released a joint statement on Nov.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/health/new-lens-approved-by-fda-promises-to-slow-nearsightedness-in-children
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — For many children, the experience of getting their first pair of glasses is an inevitable milestone, the first in a lifetime of visits to the eye doctor. The new lenses use 11 concentric rings filled with tiny raised dots to refocus light onto the retina in a way that is believed to slow elongation of the eye. “Whether this hypothesis is ultimately proven to be true, of course, matters only in part,” Repka said, noting that the lenses appear to work regardless of how the underling science works. “I think before it becomes widely used, we will need some data in the United States” showing that the lenses work, said Repka, who is conducting a U.S.-based study of the new lenses supported by the National Institutes of Health.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/conservatives-ahead-governing-party-honduras-presidential-vote-trump-127991981
Article: With votes from about 56% of polling places counted in Honduras, preliminary and partial results showed conservative candidates Nasry Asfura and Salvador Nasralla leading the presidential contest early Monday and the governing party trailing Nasry Asfura, presidential candidate for the National Party, shows his inked finger afterv voting in general elections in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Moises Castillo) TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras -- Reyna Vega whips up simple breakfasts of eggs, fried bananas with cream and refried beans with corn tortillas at her simple two-table eatery in Tegucigalpa’s center. The 52-year-old said Monday that over the past four years, prices for all of those things have risen – as have prices in most of the world – so she was eager to cast her vote in the Honduran presidential election on Sunday for a man who made her think of better times – the capital’s former mayor, Nasry Asfura. Her support for the National Party’s Asfura — who as mayor paved roads and improved the capital's infrastructure — was motivated in part by a burning desire to kick out the governing democratic socialist LIBRE or Liberty and Re-foundation party. But she said friends who were vacillating between Asfura and conservative Liberal Party candidate Salvador Nasralla, the man Asfura was tied with Monday in the preliminary and partial results, were swayed in the campaign’s closing days by U.S. Even with partial results, there seemed to be a greater willingness to see an impact from Trump than there had been even a day before when people cast their ballots. Juan Carlos Aguilar, director of the nongovernmental More Just Society civil society organization, said he thought Trump’s intervention had drawn Asfura much closer to Nasralla than polling heading into Election Day had indicated. Vega’s son, 32-year-old Eddy Xavier Vega, said “either of the two (Asfura or Nasralla) is good; what we didn’t want was LIBRE.” Despite murders having dropped during current LIBRE President Xiomara Castro’s term and the economy’s fundamentals having improved, many Hondurans said they felt like their lives had been better under her predecessor ex-President Juan Orlando Hernández. Its candidate, Moncada, was 20 percentage points back on Monday and most considered her out of contention, but she had not conceded, instead telling her supporters to be ready to fight until all of the votes were counted.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/jaguars-playing-meaningful-games-december-beginning-means-128008487
Article: Jaguars are playing meaningful games in December, beginning with one that 'means everything' Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Trevor Lawrence (16) throws a pass against the Tennessee Titans during the second half of an NFL football game Sunday, Nov. That’s the position we want to be in, and it feels good.” The Jaguars secured their third consecutive victory, a 25-3 drubbing at Tennessee on Sunday, and finished 4-1 in a November to remember. It’s the first time in 20 years they won four games in the month of Thanksgiving and have themselves in position to make the postseason for just the fifth time this century. But the schedule toughens in December, with two games against the Colts and a road trip to AFC West-leading Denver (10-2) upcoming as well as a visit from the New York Jets (3-9). As players, we love that.” Jacksonville has won 10 in a row against Indianapolis at home, a streak that started while Lawrence was a sophomore at Cartersville High School in Georgia.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/commanders-jayden-daniels-now-losing-overtime-blowouts-128009198
Article: So instead of losing over and over by 20-plus points, now the Washington Commanders are losing repeatedly in overtime The Commanders are still without Jayden Daniels but now are losing in overtime instead of blowouts Washington Commanders quarterback Jayden Daniels is seen on the sidelines before an NFL football game against the Denver Broncos Sunday, Nov. One bit of good news is that Terry McLaurin finally returned to the lineup — and the Commanders could be about to get Jayden Daniels back from injury, too, for next Sunday's game at the Minnesota Vikings. And at least coach Dan Quinn's club suddenly is showing that it can be competitive, which hasn't always been the case and does matter for the future, even if this season is, essentially, over. “I hate the outcome, but I loved the fight,” Quinn said Sunday night after Washington's 27-26 loss to the Denver Broncos, which ended when backup quarterback Marcus Mariota's pass attempt on a 2-point conversion try was swatted away by Nik Bonitto. It’s not exactly where we want to be, but I think putting together a great week of practice, I think we just continue to stack these," said Mariota, who is 1-5 as a starter in place of Daniels, currently out with a dislocated left elbow. After sitting out seven of the previous eight games with a quad injury, the star wideout reminded everyone just how valuable he is when he's on the field, grabbing seven passes for 96 yards, including Washington's TD in OT. “I have confidence, no matter how much time I may miss, that I’ll come out and try to give us a chance to win the game,” said McLaurin, who missed training camp while negotiating a new deal and eventually signed a three-year extension worth up to $96 million. And with Denver's defense focusing a lot on McLaurin — particularly star CB Pat Surtain II — TE Zach Ertz was able to get open quite a lot, to the tune of 10 catches for 106 yards. The Broncos went 5 for 5 in the red zone, scoring points every time they drove inside the Washington 20-yard line — a trio of touchdowns and a pair of field goals. In a highlight that might be played for years to come, Burks made a leaping one-handed catch in the end zone in the third quarter that put Washington up 14-13. The oft-injured Burks was waived by the Tennessee Titans in July, two days after the 2022 first-round draft pick hurt his right shoulder while making a diving catch in practice. This has been a recurring theme this season, and Denver's Evan Engram was the latest to expose Washington's problems in that area, compiling team highs of six catches and 79 yards receiving Sunday night.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/starbucks-pay-35m-nyc-workers-settle-claims-violated-128006540
Article: New York City officials say Starbucks will pay about $35 million to more than 15,000 New York City workers to settle claims it denied them stable schedules and arbitrarily cut their hours Starbucks to pay about $35M to NYC workers to settle claims it violated labor law NEW YORK -- Starbucks will pay about $35 million to more than 15,000 New York City workers to settle claims it denied them stable schedules and arbitrarily cut their hours, city officials announced Monday. A company spokeswoman said Starbucks is committed to operating responsibly and in compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations in every market where it does business, but also noted the complexities of the city’s law. The probe found most Starbucks employees never got regular schedules and the company routinely reduced employees’ hours by more than 15%, making it difficult for staffers to know their regular weekly earnings and plan other commitments, such as child care, education or other jobs.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/chairman-vaccine-committee-leaves-new-hhs-job-128006901
Article: Kennedy, a leading anti-vaccine activist before becoming the nation’s top health official, fired the entire 17-member panel earlier this year and replaced it with a group that includes several anti-vaccine voices. At a June meeting, the panel recommended that a preservative called thimerosal be removed from doses of flu vaccine even though some members acknowledged there was no proof it was causing harm. During his time as ACIP chair, the committee abandoned its traditional "evidence-to-recommendation" framework, which involved many months of analysis and discussion before proposals came before the full committee for a vote. Officials described the office as the department's “in-house think tank.” “I look forward to contributing to the science-based public health policies that will Make America Healthy Again," Kulldorff said in the HHS press release. The vaccine committee is scheduled to meet Thursday and Friday in Atlanta, with a vote expected on whether to change the recommendation on shots for newborns against hepatitis B, which can cause serious liver infections. But the virus can also be passed to a baby from an infected mother, and as many as 90% of infected infants go on to have chronic infections that can lead to a lifetime of health issues.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/medical-device-stocks-have-formed-a-cup-and-handle-chart-pattern-what-that-means-for-the-group.html
Article: The ratio of IHI to the S & P 500 Index (SPX) is above its 50-day MA, which has turned higher, indicating that the trend has shifted positive for the next several weeks. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium. Fairlead Strategies undertakes no obligation to maintain or update this material based on subsequent information and events or to provide you with any additional or supplemental information or any update to or correction of the information contained herein. Fairlead Strategies or its affiliates may have positions in financial instruments mentioned, may have acquired such positions at prices no longer available, and may have interests different from or adverse to your interests or inconsistent with the advice herein.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/ecowas-delegation-visits-guinea-bissau-for-talks-after-military-coup?traffic_source=rss
Article: A delegation from the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has visited Guinea-Bissau for mediation talks with leaders of last week’s coup, as regional pressure mounts on the military leaders who seized power after a disputed election. The mission, led by ECOWAS chairman and Sierra Leone’s President Julius Maada Bio, came to Guinea-Bissau on Monday to urge the military authorities for a “complete restoration of constitutional order.” The military has tightened restrictions in the country, banning all demonstrations and strikes. “Both sides have expressed their different concerns.” Joao Bernardo Vieira, the newly appointed foreign minister of Guinea-Bissau, said it was “very clearly established” that ECOWAS would not leave the country “during this difficult period.” “The transitional authorities and the military will continue their discussions,” he said. The coup unfolded three days after the country’s closely contested presidential election, with both main contenders – incumbent President Umaro Sissoco Embalo and opposition candidate Fernando Dias da Costa – claiming victory before provisional results were due to be announced. Separately, the main opposition African Independence Party for Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC) said in a statement that its headquarters had been “illegally invaded by heavily armed militia groups” in the capital. The party had been barred from presenting a presidential candidate in the November 23 election, a move criticised by civil rights groups as part of a wider clampdown on dissent. ECOWAS, widely seen as West Africa’s leading political and regional authority with 15 member states, responded to the coup by suspending Guinea-Bissau from all its decision-making bodies “until the restoration of full and effective constitutional order in the country”. International condemnation has continued to grow, with United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres saying that he is gravely concerned and condemning the military takeover, warning that ignoring “the will of the people who peacefully cast their vote during the November 23 general elections constitutes an unacceptable violation of democratic principles”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/trump-administration-discusses-venezuela-amid-military-build-up-concerns?traffic_source=rss
Article: Top United States officials were set to meet at the White House to discuss Venezuela, as the administration of US President Donald Trump continued to defend a controversial double strike on alleged drug smugglers in the Caribbean. Last week, the US president said that land operations against criminal groups in Venezuela could begin “very soon”, in what would be an escalation of the US military’s months-long strikes on alleged Venezuelan drug smugglers in international waters in the Caribbean. In a Saturday post on his Truth Social account, Trump said airspace over Venezuela should be considered closed “in its entirety”, in what some observers saw as the final preparations for military action. He added that many observers in Washington have read the threats and asset build-up as an effort to force Maduro to flee the country before any military action is taken. “Of course, in all of this, Donald Trump has to balance his MAGA [Make America Great Again] supporters because he campaigned on the fact that he wouldn’t get involved in what he described as stupid foreign wars,” Fisher said. Reporting from the US territory of Puerto Rico, the staging ground of the military’s Caribbean build-up, Al Jazeera’s Phil Lavelle said there has been a flurry of activity, but it remained difficult to discern if any operations were imminent. “We’ve also obviously got the sea systems: We’ve got the USS Gerald F Ford, the largest aircraft carrier strike group in the world, currently off the coast … Also, the USS Winston S Churchill and the USS Bainbridge,” he said. Renewed scrutiny over boat strikes The build-up has persisted as the Trump administration has faced renewed pressure over its lethal strikes on alleged Venezuelan drug smugglers in international waters in the Caribbean. That came after the Washington Post and CNN reported last week that US Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth gave a verbal order to kill all people aboard a boat suspected of smuggling drugs from Venezuela. While legal scholars have long said US strikes on vessels carrying alleged “narco-terrorists” in international waters may be illegal under both international and domestic law, the defence secretary explicitly ordering forces to kill all people on board the vessels ventures into even more precarious legal grounds. Bradley “worked well within his authority and the law directing the engagement to ensure the boat was destroyed and the threat to the United States of America was eliminated,” Leavitt told reporters.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/rage-bait-named-oxford-university-press-word-year-outrage-fuels-social-media-traffic-2025/18234296/
Article: 'Rage bait' named Oxford University Press word of year as outrage fuels social media traffic in 2025 Oxford University Press has named "rage bait'' as its word of the year, capturing the internet zeitgeist of 2025. The phrase refers to online content that is "deliberately designed to elicit anger or outrage by being frustrating, provocative or offensive," with the aim of driving traffic to a particular social media account, Oxford said in a statement. This is a result of the algorithms used by social media companies, "because although we love fluffy cats, we'll appreciate that we tend to engage more with negative content and content that really provokes us." Rage bait topped two other contenders - "aura farming'' and "biohack'' - after public comment on a shortlist compiled by lexicographers at Oxford University Press. "Aura farming'' means to cultivate a public image by presenting oneself in "a way intended subtly to convey an air of confidence, coolness or mystique.'' "Biohack'' is defined as "an attempt to improve or optimize one's physical or mental performance, health or longevity.'' The word of the year is selected by lexicographers at Oxford University Press who analyze new and emerging words, as well as changes in the way language is being used, to identify words of "cultural significance." Oxford University Press, publisher of the Oxford English Dictionary, has selected a word of the year annually since 2004.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/super-bowl-2026-pregame-performers-levis-stadium-will-include-charlie-puth-brandi-carlile-coco-jones/18234026/
Article: Super Bowl 2026: Pregame performers will include Charlie Puth, Brandi Carlile and Coco Jones Charlie Puth, Brandi Carlile, and Coco Jones will all perform during the Super Bowl pregame show at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California. -- The Super Bowl pregame show will open with a trio of standout performers in Northern California: Charlie Puth will hit the stage to sing the national anthem, Brandi Carlile will take on "America the Beautiful" and Coco Jones will sing "Lift Every Voice and Sing." The performances will take place Feb. MORE: Bad Bunny's Super Bowl halftime show is not being reconsidered, NFL commissioner says "These artists bring a distinct voice to the moment, helping set the tone for a day that will captivate fans around the world," said Jon Barker, senior vice president of global event production for the NFL. Julian Ortiz will sign "America the Beautiful." In a historic first, the halftime show will include a multilingual signing program featuring Puerto Rican Sign Language, led by interpreter Celimar Rivera Cosme. Puth is a four-time Grammy-nominated singer known for his songs "Attention," "We Don't Talk Anymore" and his 2015 breakout hit "See You Again," with Wiz Khalifa, from the "Furious 7" movie soundtrack. She's nominated for two Grammys with Elton John for their album "Who Believes in Angels?" released in April and their song "Never Too Late" from his documentary film "Elton John: Never Too Late." Jones is an R &B star who won a Grammy in the best R &B performance category for her song "ICU" in 2024 and released her debut album "Why Not More?" which is nominated for best R &B album at next year's ceremony. "Charlie, Brandi, and Coco are generational talents, and we are honored to have them - alongside our extraordinary deaf performers - on Super Bowl LX's world stage," said Desiree Perez, CEO of Roc Nation, which is producing the show with DPS and Jesse Collins.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/givingtuesday-marks-one-of-the-biggest-fundraising-days-of-the-year
Article: But President Donald Trump’s tax and spending legislation, which passed in July, also included a new charitable deduction of up to $1,000 for individuals and $2,000 for married couples for the majority of tax filers. These major donors also make up an increasingly important share of overall charitable donations and are more likely to give than less economically well off households, according to a study from the Indiana University Lilly Family School of Philanthropy in partnership with Bank of America. Nonprofits are also letting potential supporters know about a range of new challenges this year, with many human service organizations seeing higher demand while facing cuts to government grants, especially last month’s freeze of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, benefits. “You’re giving to the cause and you’re also saying, ‘I really care about what you care about.’” You could consider giving to organizations based in your community, whose impact will be felt locally. For years, GivingTuesday has been a major focus of fundraising for nonprofits, with many seeking to organize matching donations from major donors and to leverage their networks of supporters to contribute.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/heavy-snow-predicted-northeast-midwest-struggles-thanksgiving-weather-128007501
Article: Black ice, snow showers and fog are pestering post-holiday travelers in the Midwest, while the Northeast is gearing up for its first major snowstorm of the season PORTLAND, Maine -- Black ice, snow showers and fog pestered post-holiday travelers in the Midwest on Monday while the Northeast geared up for its first major snowstorm of the season. More than 8 inches (20.32 centimeters) of snow fell at Chicago O’Hare International Airport this weekend, setting a record for the highest single calendar day snowfall in November at the airport, according to the National Weather Service. With plowable snow expected to coat large parts of Pennsylvania, crews began to treat lanes along the 565-mile (909-kilometer) Pennsylvania Turnpike system on Monday, said the agency’s press secretary, Marissa Orbanek. Vehicle restrictions on many interstates in the eastern half of Pennsylvania, including on the turnpike system’s Northeast Extension, from the Lehigh Valley to Clarks Summit, will be imposed at 5 a.m. In Chicago, Don Herrian was among the crowds of travelers at O'Hare on Sunday, hoping to make it back home after Thanksgiving as hundreds of flights were delayed and canceled following a winter storm in the Great Lakes region. “It’s congested, but that’s expected due to the snow, the delays and the holidays.” Roads leading to O'Hare were packed Sunday with slow-moving vehicles even after the roads had been cleared of snow. Planes were being de-iced at several airports across the country on Sunday, including at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. Orrison said snow in the Great Lakes region was tapering off, but the new storm was heading to the mid-Atlantic and Northeast, with up to a foot (30 centimeters) of snow by Tuesday. “The good news is that it does not look like the major cities at this point are going to be looking at any significant snowfall.” The National Weather Service issued a warning for coastal Maine from Tuesday morning until Wednesday morning, stating that residents “should delay all travel if possible” due to snow.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/falcons-waste-big-game-robinson-special-teams-breakdowns-128011127
Article: Losses in six of their past seven games have left the Atlanta Falcons needing a huge rally to avoid their eighth consecutive losing season Atlanta Falcons head coach Raheem Morris speaks during a news conference after an NFL football game against the New York Jets, Sunday, Nov. The Falcons wasted another strong performance by running back Bijan Robinson, another solid if unspectacular start by Cousins and one of tight end Kyle Pitts' most productive games of the season. A fumbled punt by Jamal Agnew and poor coverage on an 83-yard kickoff return by New York's Isaiah Williams led to 10 points for the Jets that decided the game. Morris confirmed Agnew should not have attempted to field a punt inside the 5 that he fumbled and the Jets recovered at the 2 to set up an easy touchdown. When the Falcons had a final possession to possibly move into position for a go-ahead field goal, Pitts, David Sills V and Darnell Mooney had drops on three consecutive plays.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/steelers-mike-tomlin-tight-spots-128006931
Article: Mike Tomlin, the Pittsburgh Steelers coach, often says, “smile in the face of adversity.” Steelers and Mike Tomlin have been in tight spots before, but never quite like this Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin reacts after an NFL football game against the Buffalo Bills Sunday, Nov. Puskar) PITTSBURGH -- One of Mike Tomlin's pet phrases is “smile in the face of adversity," a “Tomlin-ism” the Pittsburgh Steelers coach trots out occasionally when his team hits a rough patch. Yet the corners of Tomlin's mouth never perked up — not even once — as he tried to sift through the rubble of a 26-7 loss to Buffalo on Sunday that was as emphatic as it was complete. Instead, the longest-tenured coach in major North American team sports sounded almost resigned after spending three hours watching his team get whipped in a way that it rarely has during his 19 years on the job. The Bills did whatever they wanted, whenever they wanted, while piling up 249 yards rushing and pushing the NFL's most expensive defense around for three hours in the late-November chill that offered little proof the Steelers are headed in the right direction as the stretch looms. When the videoboard at the south end zone at Acrisure Stadium faded to black early in the fourth quarter with the Steelers trailing by 16 — a firm giveaway that the team's unofficial anthem “Renegade” by Styx is coming — the portion of the crowd of 66,000-plus that remained booed. Scan social media after any Steelers loss — and there have been five of them in the past seven weeks — and you'll find Tomlin's name trending, and not in a good way. He's four wins shy of tying Hall of Famer Chuck Noll for ninth on the NFL's career wins list and has a resume that will garner significant consideration for a gold jacket of his own whenever the time comes. Tomlin is also under contract through the 2027 season, and the Steelers have been transparent about their plans to select their next franchise quarterback when the NFL draft descends on Pittsburgh in April.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/kalshi-makes-move-to-court-crypto-traders-with-tokenized-betting-contracts.html
Article: Prediction markets' combined trading volume hit nearly $28 billion through October of this year, hitting a weekly record high of $2.3 billion during the week of October 20, according to data cited by Crypto.com's research arm. By tapping into the $3 trillion digital asset market, Kalshi will be able to shore up liquidity needed to scale its offerings at a time when investors' appetites for prediction markets is growing rapidly, John Wang, the company's head of crypto, told CNBC. "This is about tapping into the billions of dollars of liquidity that crypto has, and then also enabling developers to build third party front ends that utilize Kalshi's liquidity." Founded in 2018, Kalshi was the first exchange to launch federally regulated event contracts on U.S. Last fall, it raised more than $300 million at a $5 billion valuation in a funding round backed by crypto heavyweights Andreessen Horowitz and Sequoia Capital, in addition to expanding its footprint to more than 140 countries.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/trump-mri-results-white-house-walter-reed.html
Article: The White House on Monday released new details about President Donald Trump's October MRI, offering a more comprehensive explanation for the procedure after questions about why the 79-year-old underwent advanced imaging at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt read aloud from a summary during the daily press briefing, saying that the MRI was part of Trump's "comprehensive executive physical" and was ordered because men in his age group "benefit from a thorough evaluation of cardiovascular and abdominal health." The White House described the imaging as routine and preventative, meant to identify potential issues early and confirm overall function. Tim Walz, Democratic nominee for vice president alongside Kamala Harris in the 2024 election, called on Trump to release the results, reacting to a Thanksgiving Truth Social post in which Trump attacked Walz, the state's Somali community and Rep. "Has anyone in the history of the world ever had an MRI assigned to them and have no idea what it was for, as he says," Walz later said in an interview with NBC's "Meet the Press."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/what-eli-lillys-move-to-cut-prices-on-zepbound-means-for-investors.html
Article: Analysts at Leerink, who upgraded their Eli Lilly rating to outperform in November, said Monday that the price reduction may have come a little earlier than expected, but it shouldn't be a major surprise. What's lost in price should be made up for in volume as the costs of these life-changing medicines become more affordable, supporting Eli Lilly's earnings-per-share growth over the next several years. Equity Power Buffer ETF is to track the return of the S & P 500, but the upside is capped at a specified level, and its investors are protected against the first 15% of losses over an outcome period. Goldman said that the deal will "significantly expand Goldman Sachs Asset Management's ETF lineup and future product roadmap, and enhance the firm's offerings in one of the fastest-growing active ETF categories." This isn't the first deal Goldman made this year to boost its asset and wealth management (AWM) division, a push March Nachmann, Goldman's global head of AWM, told the Investing Club back in August. (See here for a full list of the stocks in Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5615362/miami-museum-graffiti-street-art
Article: From subways to galleries: Miami's Museum of Graffiti traces the appeal of street art toggle caption Greg Allen/NPR MIAMI — Art takes over South Florida this week with the annual Art Basel fair and a host of satellite shows. So, when you paint a rusty train with this mint green, the effect is quite extraordinary." toggle caption Greg Allen/NPR Ket founded the Museum of Graffiti with a partner six years ago to tell the story of an art movement that began in the 1960s and 1970s, when teenagers would spray paint their names on surfaces throughout New York City. Alan Ket says, "The Razor gallery show in 1973 was that big boom that showed these young artists that they had a lane, they had an opportunity that they could pursue." In the decades since that show, Ket says graffiti has spread globally and won acceptance by the art world, luxury brands and even governments. "And they are commissioned by cities around the world to create monumental public art projects." toggle caption Greg Allen/NPR Ket has consulted with museums on exhibitions of graffiti and street art, but says, despite its broad popular appeal, it hasn't yet received the recognition it deserves from the art establishment.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/consumers-urged-to-do-research-before-giving-in-to-travel-tuesday-deals
Article: On the same day as the nonprofit world’s Giving Tuesday, airlines, hotels, cruise ship companies, travel booking platforms and tour operators get in on the annual spirit to spend by promoting one-day deals. “People see ‘40 percent off’ and assume it’s a once-in-a-lifetime steal, without recognizing that the underlying price may have been inflated or that the same itinerary was cheaper last month.” Sally French, a travel expert at personal finance site NerdWallet, said. She and other seasoned travelers advised consumers who want to see if they can save money by booking trips on Travel Tuesday to do research in advance and to pay especially close attention to the fine print attached to offers. People hoping to score last-minute deals for Christmas or New Year’s should double-check for blackout dates or other restrictions, recommended Lindsay Schwimer, a consumer expert for the online travel site Hopper. “Add-on perks are their workaround.” Consumers who are prepared rather than impulsive and on the lookout for the up-sell are in a much better position to identify authentic bargains, consumer experts stressed. READ MORE: Despite economic uncertainty, Cyber Monday could break spending records “Compare prices, check your calendar and make sure the trip you’re booking is something you genuinely want, not something you bought because a countdown timer pressured you,” French said. “What gets glossed over is that the best deal might be not booking anything at all if it doesn’t align with your plans.” Travel Tuesday came about based on existing industry trends. In 2017, Hopper analyzed historical pricing data and found that in each of the nine previous years, the biggest day for post-Thanksgiving travel discounts was the day after Cyber Monday. “We continue to see growth in the day, year over year, as more travel brands and categories offer deals.” The event’s origin story is in line with the National Retail Federation coining Cyber Monday in 2005 as a response to the emerging e-commerce era. A report by the consulting firm McKinsey & Company last year noted that November and December tend to be slow months for travel bookings, making Travel Tuesday a “marketing moment” that could help boost revenue. travelers increased significantly on Travel Tuesday 2023 compared with the two weeks before and after the day, the report’s authors wrote, citing data provided by the travel marketing platform Sojern. While Travel Tuesday so far has been mostly confined to the United States and Canada, “European travel companies can anticipate the possibility that Travel Tuesday will become a growing phenomenon in their region, given that other shopping days such as Black Friday and Cyber Monday have spread beyond North America,” the report stated. Vivek Pandya, lead insights analyst for Adobe Analytics, which tracks online spending, said consumers have more tools than ever this holiday season to help them determine if deals hold up to scrutiny. “Social journeys, influencers providing promo codes and values, and generative AI platforms taking all that in – the prices, the social conversation, the reviews – and giving guidance to the consumer, that’s a very different, dynamic kind of journey consumers are taking than they have in previous seasons,” Pandya said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/man-pleads-guilty-killing-ole-miss-graduate-prominent-128012068
Article: A man charged with killing a University of Mississippi graduate who was prominent in the LGBTQ community has pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and tampering charges Man pleads guilty to killing Ole Miss graduate who was prominent in LGBTQ community FILE - Sheldon Timothy Herrington Jr., who is on trial on a capital murder charge in the 2022 death of University of Mississippi student Jimmie "Jay" Lee, looks out into the courtroom during the lunch break, in Oxford, Miss. (Bruce Newman/The Northeast Daily Journal via AP, Pool, File) FILE - Sheldon Timothy Herrington Jr., who is on trial on a capital murder charge in the 2022 death of University of Mississippi student Jimmie "Jay" Lee, looks out into the courtroom during the lunch break, in Oxford, Miss. -- A man charged with killing a University of Mississippi graduate who was prominent in the LGBTQ+ community pleaded guilty on Monday to second-degree murder and tampering charges as he faced a second trial.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/cameroons-opposition-leader-anicet-ekane-dies-in-military-detention?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ekane, 74, passed away on Monday morning in Yaounde, the country’s capital, 38 days after security forces detained him in the port city of Douala, France’s public radio RFI reported. His death has sparked widespread outrage and threatens to deepen the political turmoil gripping Cameroon following October’s disputed presidential election, which saw 92-year-old Paul Biya claim another term after more than four decades in power. Ekane, the leader of the African Movement for New Independence and Democracy (MANIDEM), a left-wing party, was seized on October 24 after backing Biya’s rival Issa Tchiroma Bakary, who has rejected official results and insists he won the vote. His eldest son, Muna Ekane, told the Associated Press news agency that his father’s condition deteriorated sharply over the last week, with severe respiratory distress leaving him struggling to breathe. “For one week, he had difficulties breathing; he was suffocating,” he said, adding that the family repeatedly alerted officials, but “nothing was done.” Ekane’s lawyer, Emmanuel Simh, said his client had been ill but was denied appropriate treatment. “Ekane committed no crime, so we need to know why he was arrested and abandoned.” Ekane’s party had issued an urgent appeal on Sunday demanding his immediate transfer to a civilian hospital, warning it would hold the government accountable for any consequences. But Ekane’s party has branded his death “murder,” and the European Union delegation expressed “deep sadness” and renewed demands for the release of all those arbitrarily detained since the election. The Delegation of the European Union to Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea reacts to the death in custody of politician Anicet Georges EKANE… pic.twitter.com/0FTVroVvUc — L'UE au Cameroun et pour la Guinée équatoriale (@UEauCameroun) December 1, 2025 Ekane dedicated nearly five decades to political activism, emerging as a key figure in the early 1990s push for multiparty democracy.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/michael-jordan-nascar-lawsuit-antitrust-trial-opens-huge-stakes-chicago-bulls-legend-courtroom/18235049/
Article: -- The federal antitrust trial against NASCAR opened Monday with the star power of Michael Jordan on hand as a jury of nine was seated to hear allegations that the stock car series is a monopolistic bully that leaves its teams no option but to comply with rules and financing they don't agree with. 23XI and Front Row Motorsports sued the series last year rather than sign extension agreements on new charters, which are franchise-type designations that serve as the framework for the revenue stream between NASCAR and the teams. The stakes are huge: The charters are at the heart of NASCAR's business model - they guarantee a car a spot in the field each race week as well as a percentage of the purse - and the disputes over how they work have dominated the series of late. Bell ruled that 23XI co-owner and star driver Denny Hamlin and Curtis Polk, the longtime business manager for Jordan and part of the team's ownership group, will be sequestered after opening statements before they testify. SEE ALSO: Michael Jordan's Steakhouse updates its iconic 23-layer chocolate cake Jordan's presence in the courtroom gallery near Hamlin was a factor: Among those dismissed from serving on the jury was a man who said he can't be impartial because "I like Mike" and another who said he had Michael Jordan posters on his walls growing up. A juror said they were a North Carolina fan but noted the football team at Jordan's alma mater is not "doing too well right now" to which the retired star shook his head and laughed. 23XI and Front Row also argue NASCAR has a vice grip on all aspects of the racing series and allege a monopoly based on exclusivity clauses, ownership of most of the race tracks on the Cup Series schedule and its control of the rules and regulations. NASCAR Commissioner Steve Phelps was among leadership who in a discussion with other NASCAR executives called Hall of Fame team owner Richard Childress a "dinosaur," an "idiot" and a "stupid redneck." The discussion also included a reference that Childress "owes his entire fortune to NASCAR" and needed "to be taken out back and flogged." Another NASCAR executive alleged that fans of the sport can't read, and multiple series leaders admonished Hall of Fame driver Tony Stewart's summer short-track series, SRX, and threatened to have it the killed because NASCAR drivers were participating. On the other side, the president of 23XI was found to have said France had to die in order to receive favorable charter terms, Hamlin admitted his dislike for the France family, one of Jordan's advisers said Hamlin wasn't a good businessman and Jordan joked that he loses more money in a casino than he pays one of his drivers. Hamlin, a three-time Daytona 500 winner who less than a month ago had the Cup Series championship slip through his fingers, warned this weekend that the gloves will be off during the trial.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c33mz477p4po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Mangione in court as lawyers seek to rule out notebook, gun and other key evidence 57 minutes ago Share Save Madeline Halpert Share Save Getty Images Luigi Mangione, accused of killing United Healthcare CEO Brian Thompson, appeared in a pre-trial hearing on Monday Luigi Mangione, the man accused of fatally shooting United Healthcare CEO Brian Thompson in Manhattan a year ago this week, has appeared in court as his lawyers challenge the admissibility of key evidence in his case. UnitedHealth United Healthcare chief executive Brian Thompson was a father-of-two Walking into court on Monday, Mr Mangione wore a grey suit and shirt, and court employees removed his hand restraints before he sat, as his lawyers requested. His attorneys are also hoping to exclude from the trial a 9mm handgun that prosecutors say matches the one used in the killing, as well as writings found in Mr Mangione's backpack. Prosecutors have alleged that Mr Mangione - the scion of a prominent Maryland family who graduated from an Ivy League university - had written in his notebook about "the deadly, greed fueled health insurance cartel".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5620992/tsmc-chipmaker-expands-beyond-taiwan
Article: As political winds shift, top chipmaker TSMC looks beyond Taiwan toggle caption John Ruwitch/NPR HSINCHU, Taiwan - Silicon Valley may be the heart of global tech, but its pulse depends on a special kind of lifeblood — high-end microchips — many of which flow out of a science park on Taiwan's west coast. Sponsor Message Beijing has also been dialing up political pressure on Taiwan; TSMC's headquarters and much of its chipmaking infrastructure lie less than 100 miles from China across the Taiwan Strait. Currently, many of the company's customers, which include equipment suppliers, chip designers and hardware companies like Applied Materials and Qualcomm, have offices in the science park that surrounds TSMC's facilities in Taiwan. In 2020, TSMC announced that it planned to build fabs, or semiconductor fabrication plants, in Arizona, as pressure began to build in the United States to "reshore" chipmaking that had moved abroad, including to Taiwan. Sponsor Message In Arizona, the company has plans for a total of six semiconductor fabs, two advanced packaging facilities (where chips are combined into sets), and a research and development center. "Therefore, we are expanding in Arizona the advanced technology fabs." The Biden administration's CHIPS Act took concrete steps to incentivize a build out of chip production — and keep high-end chips out of China's hands. "But basically you are serving all of them, the potential winners." Huang said TSMC's moves abroad are also about tapping into new pools of talent and having room to grow — accessing tracts of open land, and supplies of water and power.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5627109/afghan-dc-national-guard-attack-rahmanullah-lakanwal
Article: from Afghanistan he appeared lively and full of hope, but over the course of years, he slipped into isolation and was prone to taking cross country drives without telling his family, according to a volunteer who worked closely with his family. "I worried he would be suicidal because he was so withdrawn." Sponsor Message The volunteer spoke with NPR on condition of anonymity because they said they feared for their safety, and the safety of others in their volunteer community, because of possible retaliation for having worked with Afghan refugees including the Lakanwals. Lakanwal held jobs for brief periods and hosted gatherings at his home, the volunteer said, but by 2023 he began isolating himself and appeared "defeated" by the challenges of finding steady work and adapting to life in the U.S. Lakanwal] is suffering from both PTSD and from his work with the US military in Afghanistan," the volunteer wrote, adding that they are "not a healthcare professional." Speaking on NBC's Meet the Press on Sunday, Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said U.S. Sponsor Message "We do believe it was through connections in his home community and state and we're going to continue to talk to those who interacted with him," Noem said. "A group of concerned individuals [volunteering on refugee resettlement] in the Seattle area had a meeting in January 2024 to talk about dwindling resources for these families and frustration was expressed," the volunteer told NPR. "We cannot confirm whether or not we have served any specific client without permission from our federal government partners who administered the process for bringing Afghans to the United States beginning in 2021," the World Relief statement said. Following last week's violence, the Trump administration moved to freeze refugee cases involving Afghan nationals and launched a review of refugees and migrants from more than a dozen countries living legally inside the United States.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/schumer-new-york-offices-targeted-bomb-threats-128014232
Article: Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer says three of his New York offices were targeted with emailed bomb threats from an email address alleging the “2020 election was rigged.” Schumer says three of his New York offices were targeted with bomb threats Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., flanked by Rep. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) WASHINGTON -- Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said Monday that three of his New York offices were targeted with emailed bomb threats from an email address alleging the “2020 election was rigged.” Schumer said in a statement that local law enforcement received bomb threats referencing his offices in Rochester, Binghamton and Long Island with the email subject line “MAGA.” “Local and federal law enforcement responded immediately and are conducting full security sweeps,” Schumer said. “Everyone is safe, and I am grateful for their quick and professional response to ensure these offices remain safe and secure for all New Yorkers.” A law enforcement source confirmed that Suffolk County police responded to Schumer’s Long Island office but could not confirm the details of the threat. Schumer said in the statement that “these kinds of violent threats have absolutely no place in our political system.” President Donald Trump lost the 2020 election to former President Joe Biden but has falsely claimed since then that it was “rigged” or “stolen.” But courts dismissed or ruled against the campaign in dozens of lawsuits and the votes were certified by election officials in all 50 states.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/1/the-illusion-of-western-peacemaking?traffic_source=rss
Article: Led by facilitators from Belgium and the United Kingdom, the workshop began with the story of Little Red Riding Hood, which the participants were asked to reimagine from the perspective of the wolf. The story puzzled Musliu and her peers, who struggled at first to understand how hunger could possibly justify the wolf killing the little girl and her grandmother, and second, to see the purpose of this story in a reconciliation workshop. In October, I attended a workshop organised by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) to bring together young women from Kosovo and Serbia and teach them dialogue and peacemaking. This time, they had also added two assistant facilitators, one from Kosovo and one from Serbia; it was clear that both had been given a detailed script to follow, which they could not deviate from. My parents were forced to flee to Albania before Serb forces entered their neighbourhood; when they came back, their home had been broken into, damaged and some items missing – including my mother’s wedding dress. Knowing this story and so many others, I found it hard to understand how one can tell a group of young women whose family members were displaced, raped, tortured, or killed during the war that the problem has to be separated from the people. I recalled Musliu’s words at the end of her story about peacemaking between the wolf and Little Red Riding Hood: “We should ask them how they would reconcile their differences if the wolf had eaten their grandmothers?” Advertisement Throughout the workshop, we were assigned seats in the conference room, where we were mixed, the girls from Kosovo and the girls from Serbia sitting next to each other. Every time I wanted to emphasise the complexity of the post-war situation – for example, by bringing up the topic of survivors of sexual violence – there was an intervention from the facilitators who told me “you are not ready yet” to talk about this. And so, I sat on that day, 26 years after the end of the war, listening to a painful, outrageous, and dangerous message: There are many truths to a story.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/doctor-says-trump-had-preventative-screening-mri-heart-abdomen-perfectly-normal-results/18236127/
Article: Doctor says Trump had preventative screening MRI on heart, abdomen with 'perfectly normal' results President Donald Trump speaks with reporters while in flight on Air Force One from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., to Joint Base Andrews, Sunday, Nov. Donald Trump's doctor says the president had MRI imaging on his heart and abdomen in October as part of a preventative screening for men his age, according to a memo from the physician released by the White House on Monday. He and the White House have said the scan was "part of his routine physical examination" but had declined until Monday to detail why Trump had an MRI during his physical in October at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center or on what part of his body. The Republican president said Sunday during an exchange with reporters as he traveled back to Washington from Florida that the results of the MRI were "perfect." "If you want to have it released, I'll release it," Trump said.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/from-moderately-concerning-to-virtually-stagnant-4-measures-economists-use-to-make-sense-of-this-moment
Article: “It’s growing at a kind of modest growth rate, but there’s lots of uncertainty to play out.” Put another way, nearly every metric economists use to determine the strength of the economy “is somewhere between moderately concerning” and “virtually stagnant,” added Ben Harris, vice president and director of Economic Studies at the Brookings Institution. Though different economists might have varying views on whether the market will steady or deteriorate, Harris said he doesn’t know of “any labor market optimists right now.” “Once the layoffs start,” he added, “they could come fast and furious.” When it comes to interpreting the numbers, Trump’s immigration policy is a key variable. WATCH: 3 things to know about AI and mass corporate layoffs It’s unclear if the weak job market is caused by low labor supply or low hiring demand, Gertler said. “It’s not as dire a situation as during the great financial crisis [of 2008], but in some ways it’s more complex because it’s hard to know which direction to go,” Gertler said. READ MORE: The Federal Reserve wrestles with how many interest rate cuts to make and how fast That’s the kind of trade-off the Federal Reserve might have to make, Gertler said. “It may be some slowing of the economy is required to get the inflation rate down, but this is why the Fed is going gradually, so that it won’t have to be too disruptive to the labor market,” he said. It’s one thing to not be able to make a payment on your credit card; it’s another thing to worry about getting evicted,” Harris said, adding that he sees this moment as more of a “flashing yellow light, not a flashing red light.” 4. READ MORE: How to make the most of your holiday gift budget The second worry in particular defines this period of low sentiment, she said, unlike in the inflationary period right after the pandemic. She added that when they asked people if they think unemployment will get worse in the year ahead, 69% said yes, more than double the number of people who felt that way last November.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2025/12/01/ludwig-minelli-assisted-suicide-dignitas/
Article: Ludwig Minelli, who became a leader of the death-with-dignity movement as the founder of Dignitas, a Swiss organization with more than 10,000 members that provides and advocates for access to assisted suicide, died Saturday, ending his life through the process he helped promote. Minelli, a lawyer specializing in human rights, was the general secretary of Dignitas, which since 1998 has helped thousands of people from around the world, including from countries where assisted suicide is illegal, to die. Dignitas, which uses the slogan “To live with dignity — To die with dignity,” said it would continue to work toward freedom in life and at the end of life, staying true to Mr. In 2011 the European Court of Human Rights confirmed the right and freedom of a competent individual to decide on the manner and the time of their own end of life.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/white-house-physician-trumps-imaging-test-results-perfectly/story?id=128010313
Article: Sean Barbabella, physician to the president, said Trump underwent the scans during a medical examination in October "because men in his age group benefit from a thorough evaluation of cardiovascular and abdominal health" and that the tests are "preventative." Barbabella said the imaging helps confirm Trump's overall health and identifies any early issues before they become serious. Alex Brandon/AP Barbabella also wrote in the memo that Trump's abdominal imaging scan was normal with all major organs appearing healthy and well-perfused, meaning with a high blood flow relative to their size. "This level of detailed assessment is standard for an executive physical at President Trump's age and confirms that he remains in excellent overall health." Trump said during a gaggle with reporters on Air Force One in late October that he received an MRI as part of "advanced imaging" tests at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, but didn't answer questions on what the scan was for.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/holiday-shopping-kicks-off-with-solid-start-here-are-the-big-winners.html
Article: Omnichannel retailers, who use different venues to reach consumers, and a couple of beauty companies look to be the biggest beneficiaries of Black Friday spending this year, according to Wall Street analysts. Bank of America analyst Lorraine Hutchinson, who pointed to high promotional activity in footwear and athletic goods this past weekend, said that consumers' concentrated spending during key promotional periods could lead to a strong Black Friday, a pullback, and then a final push in runup to Christmas. "We believe the one-stop shop for all things beauty can also benefit incrementally from increased focus and investment into wellness, which could see a boost in demand as consumers look to get an early start to New Years Resolutions." Straton also highlighted solid traffic at Best Buy , driven by demand for computers and phones. She also named Gap -owned apparel chains Banana Republic and Old Navy, and Abercrombie and Fitch's Hollister brand, as potential Black Friday leaders based on year-over-year line count increases, or the number of items purchased in a single shopping trip. Straton said robust demand during Black Friday led her to think that the holiday "could prove better-than-feared this year which, together with early cycle indicators, may mean now is the time to revisit softlines stocks" — sellers of clothing, footwear, accessories and home goods such as bedding. The San Francisco-based company saw fiscal third-quarter same-store sales grow by 5% , driven by rising revenue at its namesake brand after a viral campaign, the strongest growth for Gap since its fiscal 2017 holiday quarter. "In our view, the discounters were relative winners on Black Friday Weekend (and are expected to be for the entire season too), as consumers continue to favor one-stop, omnichannel retailers due to the combination of convenience, essentials, and value-focused discretionary items," Telsey wrote in a Monday note to clients.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/nvidia-ceo-to-cramer-synopsys-deal-is-culmination-of-everything-i-showed-you.html
Article: In this year's flurry of massive artificial intelligence deals – for which a couple of billion dollars is pocket change – Nvidia 's announcement on Monday of a $2 billion investment to expand its long-time partnership with Synopsys might seem just incremental. This deal allows Synopsys, which earlier this year completed its purchase of engineering simulation software maker Ansys, to leverage Nvidia's AI platform to deliver computer-modeled design and engineering solutions across many industries. With Monday's deal , Nvidia will be positioned to bring GPU-powered accelerated computing to the world's industrial sector, which represents an addressable market measured in the tens of trillions of dollars. What makes that possible is that the AI we are talking about here obeys the laws of physics, meaning that it can be relied upon to show how things will really run in the real world. Synopsys CEO Sassine Ghazi, standing alongside Jensen, said that what we're talking about here, in a practical sense, is taking a workload that may have taken two to three weeks and compressing that to a matter of hours. So, the type of products we can invent and the quality that we could do, and the speed that we could do it at is going to be extraordinary." Jensen said that industrial companies that make things, be it Nvidia, or GM , or Boeing , spend hundreds of millions, even low billions of dollars on engineering software tools. It's taken this long for us to create the software stack necessary for Synopsys and the rest of the EDA [electronic design automation] industry, in order for them to accelerate the software that they've historically only run on CPUs [central processing units]." He added, "All of a sudden, the market opportunity increases by a factor of 10 to 100." Jim Cramer, who started recommending Nvidia stock in 2009, first interviewed Jensen a year later. More recently, Jim hosted Jensen at the Investing Club's October Monthly Meeting, where the CEO got to meet many early Nvidia investors who made lots of money on the stock. Jensen, who complimented Google on their chips, said, "What Nvidia does is much more versatile," dismissing the concerns and bringing the conversation back to the potential of the Synopsys investment. "You're now seeing a real, tangible example of an opportunity that we could do with our platform that nobody else can." AI goes far beyond the chatbots and consumer-facing solutions that have garnered most of our attention – and contributed to the pressure on shares of Nvidia since the Gemini 3 launch. On the consumer side, an answer to a query that is 90% correct, or recommends an item, movie, or new music with 90% accuracy, is a pretty good start – but on the industrial side, "that 10% you don't get right, becomes mission critical," the CEO added. While capital expenditures by the biggest tech companies in the world to support consumer AI has, thus far, been the real driver of AI investment and infrastructure spending, the industry is now getting to the point where we should see spending ramp up elsewhere, be it from automakers like Ford and GM, or even ship builders in Korea. Not only does that speak to more spending in the years to come, but also a diversification of the spending base, which should materially help to de-risk the customer base for companies like Nvidia that have in recent years seen so much of their demand come from a select few customers. On a conference call hosted by both companies to discuss the deal, Jensen said, "Of all the AI opportunities – industrial AI, physical AI – is the largest of all. But in order for us to go even further, in order for us to do even more, expanding the reach of design and engineering so that we could do almost everything in the world inside a digital environment, long before we create the physical manifestation, that journey, we've been preparing for several years now, and today our announcement really kicks it into turbocharge." Jensen wrapped up by noting that Synopsys is the company that has allowed Nvidia to design its own chips, since its founding, and that the deal announced Monday is going to "enable everyone to design everything that's physically manifested in the future." (Jim Cramer's Charitable Trust is long NVDA, AVGO, BA. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/santolis-monday-market-wrap-up-stocks-struggle-with-a-mild-hangover.html
Article: (These are the market notes on today's action by Mike Santoli, CNBC's Senior Markets Commentator.) Stocks struggled with a mild hangover after a five-day buying binge that brought the S & P 500 5% off the lows, though shy of its former high, maintaining a two-month trading range. A modest 1% pickup in Nvidia after its 12% skid in November worked to offset some weakness in the majority of stocks and some profit-taking in Alphabet and Broadcom . The consensus entering December is to expect an upward tilt based largely on the calendar and the notion that the November gut check put enough of a scare into tactical traders to require that they rebuild market exposure. Late last week technicians were watching closely to see of a "breadth thrust" signal fired, which would have indicated a substantive momentum surge of the sort that tends to insulate the tape from significant downside over the next six to 12 months. Heavy selling in bonds globally after hawkish Bank of Japan commentary and perhaps new-month reallocations had t he 10-year Treasury yield up near 4.1% again after a dip into the 3s last week. The bullish case for 2026 revolves around low-teens earnings growth (based on consensus forecasts), steady valuations on top of those earnings, a modest bump in consumer activity thanks to some tax-stimulus measures and continued aggressive AI investment. RBC Monday added a 7750 target, up some 14%, and the average projection is now for an 11% gain, with (so far) no strategists calling for a flat or down 2026.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-confirms-second-sept-2-strike-alleged-drug-boat-rcna246834
Article: Bradley worked well within his authority and the law directing the engagement to ensure the boat was destroyed and the threat to the United States of America was eliminated," she added. The Washington Post reported that Bradley had ordered the second strike, and that he was complying with an order from Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth to “kill everybody.” NBC News has not confirmed the detail about Hegseth. The president said he "wouldn't have wanted" it, adding that "Pete said he did not want them." Asked again if there was no second strike, Trump said: "I don’t know. The strike was conducted in international waters and in accordance with the law of armed conflict.” She also confirmed that Trump will be meeting with his national security team — which includes Hegseth, Secretary of State Marco Rubio, White House chief of staff Susie Wiles and deputy chief of staff Stephen Miller — in the Oval Office later Monday. — said in a statement Friday that they will be "conducting vigorous oversight to determine the facts related to these circumstances." Similarly, the leaders of the House Armed Services Committee — chairman Mike Rogers, R-Ala., and ranking member Adam Smith, D-Wash. — said they were taking "seriously the reports of follow-on strikes on boats alleged to be ferrying narcotics in the SOUTHCOM region and are taking bipartisan action to gather a full accounting of the operation in question." Hegseth has defended the numerous U.S. strikes in the Caribbean, saying in a post on X Friday after The Washington Post article was published that "these highly effective strikes are specifically intended to be 'lethal, kinetic strikes.'" "Our current operations in the Caribbean are lawful under both U.S. Hegseth received backlash on social media after he posted on his personal X account what appeared to be an AI-generated image of the children's book character Franklin, with the title, "Franklin targets Narco Terrorists." It shows Franklin, a turtle, standing on the edge of a helicopter aiming a machine gun at boats allegedly carrying drugs.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/holdover-fires
Article: A week after crews declared the 1.8-acre Balcom fire out, powerful Santa Ana winds arrived, picked up some bits of hot rubber from one of the tractor’s scorched tires and carried them over into dry vegetation, bringing the fire back to life, according to investigators. Though Ventura County Fire Department officials said they went by the book when they left the Balcom fire— clearing containment lines, dropping retardant and even using a drone with an infrared camera to identify lingering heat — it wasn’t enough. (Ventura County Fire Dept.) As climate change makes the drying landscape more vulnerable, the Mountain and Palisades fires, both originating from smaller blazes firefighters thought they had put out, are raising questions about whether agencies need to rethink how they ensure fires are truly extinguished. Advertisement “Understanding the consequences that will come from a fire, should it rekindle, and spending extra time and attention and not just taking it for granted that the fire is out is key,” said Chris Dicus, a professor emeritus of wildland fire and fuels management at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. Advertisement The Palisades fire, which devastated the communities of Pacific Palisades, Malibu and Topanga, was a holdover from the Lachman fire, which federal prosecutors say was intentionally set on Jan. Schaben/Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Fire Department officials, already under scrutiny for not pre-deploying engines in advance of hurricane-force winds, now face questions about why they didn’t fully extinguish the Jan. Text messages obtained by The Times revealed that a battalion chief had ordered firefighters to leave the scene of the Lachman fire the day after it broke out, even though they said the ground was still smoldering and rocks remained hot to the touch. Ed Nordskog, a retired Los Angeles County Sheriff’s arson investigator, said that in the handful of rekindles he experienced during his career, he found that fire leadership was reluctant to accept it as a cause. “I encountered six to eight rekindles during my career and each time the local battalion chiefs showed up to try and convince the investigators it was arson.” Advertisement In each of the major holdover fires in recent years, strong winds have helped carry embers into combustible materials, typically dry terrain. “What climate warming is doing is it’s creating drier fuels and conditions for fires overall, not just holdover fires,” said Hugh Safford, a research faculty member in the UC Davis department of environmental science and policy and a former ecologist for the U.S. Advertisement A 2021 study found that the boreal forests of Alaska and Canada in the winter are particularly prone to these types of rekindled fires, which are also known as overwintering or “zombie” fires. The day of a 2.3- acre brush fire near Janss Road in Thousand Oaks last month, a drone team flew the blaze’s footprint and identified hot spots to help firefighters mop up. Advertisement “These are a couple of examples of how operational decision making and our response to brush fires continues to evolve,” said Andrew Dowd, a spokesperson for Ventura County Fire. But Moore has also been critical of what he called media efforts to “smear” firefighters — a position that some said raises questions about whether fire victims will get answers about what more could have been done to prevent the blaze. Advertisement An LAFD after-action report released last month described shortcomings of the department’s response to the Palisades fire, along with recommendations for improvement, but contained only a few mentions of the Lachman fire. “We’re driven to get as much data as possible to analyze the systems that are in place to address the very systems that were in place during the Lachman fire.” LAFD in March issued a policy memo outlining fire containment and mop-up procedures to “ensure complete extinguishment of vegetation, wildland and brush fires.” Advertisement Fires that are smaller than 5 acres, the policy states, should include a line cut by hand or with a bulldozer around the entire perimeter, and 100% mop-up where crews extinguish remaining hot spots and smoldering material within the fire’s control lines using water and foam.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3w7xenlnp1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Starmer says China policy cannot continue to blow 'hot and cold' The prime minister stressed that being tough on national security will enable the UK to pursue economic opportunities with the world's second biggest economy. The speech follows an MI5 alert about Chinese spies targeting MPs and parliamentary staff, and comes less than a fortnight before a decision on whether China gets the green light to set up an embassy in the capital despite security concerns. Speaking at the annual Lady Mayor's banquet, traditionally used to set out foreign policy for the year ahead, Sir Keir told guests his government will focus on the relationship with China. Sir Keir's speech in the City of London rejected the "isolationism" put forward by opponents of the Chinese government, notably former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith, who say the state should be treated as an enemy. However, failing to navigate a relationship with China would be "a dereliction of duty", the prime minister said, when China is a "defining force in technology, trade and global governance". Building a careful relationship would instead bolster the UK's place as a leader on the international stage and help secure UK national interests, he said, while still recognising the "reality" that China "poses national security threats". It will be grounded in strength, clarity and sober realism." Those security threats were clearly outlined earlier this month, when security services took the unusual step of issuing a warning that specifically identified two LinkedIn profiles set up with the names Amanda Qiu and Shirly Shen. The alert explained the profiles were being used on behalf of the Chinese Ministry of State Security (MSS), acting as "civilian recruitment headhunters" to target individuals working in British politics "at scale", including economists and think tank employees as well as people in Parliament. Fears of espionage have also been raised around a huge new Chinese embassy, which would be the biggest in Europe, sitting on a site at Royal Mint Court, which is close to the City of London and fibre optic cables carrying vast quantities of highly sensitive data. Housing Secretary Steve Reed has the final say and is expected to give the green light to the plans, following consultation with MI5 and MI6, in a decision opposed by Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. At the speech in London's Guildhall, Sir Keir insisted there would not be any "trade-off" between security and economic access with China, appearing to rule out trade on areas of defence, AI or critical national infrastructure. "But by taking tough steps to keep us secure, we enable ourselves to cooperate in other areas." These areas would include financial and professional services, creative industries, pharmaceuticals and luxury goods, he said, adding they were: "Great British success stories – the export opportunities are huge and we will back you to seize them."

Link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/p0mkwyjd?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Plus, as we return from Thanksgiving break - the busiest travel day in the US calendar - why is Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy launching a campaign to bring ‘civility and manners’ back to plane travel in the US? Matt Chorley, Justin, Sarah and Anthony are back to answer your questions on BBC Radio 5 Live… HOSTS: • Justin Webb, Radio 4 presenter • Sarah Smith, North America Editor • Anthony Zurcher, North America Correspondent GET IN TOUCH: • Join our online community: https://discord.gg/qSrxqNcmRB • Send us a message or voice note via WhatsApp to +44 330 123 9480 • Email Americast@bbc.co.uk • Or use #Americast This episode was made by Rufus Gray with Alix Pickles and Grace Reeve.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/pope-leo-urges-unity-on-day-two-of-lebanon-visit?traffic_source=rss
Article: Pope Leo has called for “coexistence” during the second day of his visit to Lebanon, gathering clerics from across the religious spectrum on both sides of a former civil war dividing line, and appealing for unity in a region fractured by violence. Standing in Martyrs’ Square on Monday, a site that once marked the “green line” dividing Muslim west and Christian east Beirut during the 1975–90 civil war, Leo said Lebanon showed that “fear, distrust and prejudice do not have the final word”. Martyrs’ Square – home to a monument honouring those who died for Lebanon’s independence, and later a focal point of mass protests demanding political change – has long symbolised the country’s struggle to overcome sectarianism. Advertisement Earlier on Monday, the US pontiff visited the tomb of St Charbel, a Catholic saint revered across the region, before travelling to Harissa, a hillside shrine overlooking the Mediterranean. “You have more time to dream, to plan and to do good.” Lebanon is home to one of the Middle East’s largest Christian communities, roughly 30 percent of the population, alongside Muslims, including Shia and Sunni communities, as well as Alawite and Druze minorities. Sheikh Ali al-Khatib, deputy head of the Supreme Shia Islamic Council, thanked the pope for visiting, but warned the country still bore deep wounds “as a result of Israel’s continued attacks”, local media reported. Hezbollah began firing rockets into Israel on October 8, 2023, describing the attacks as an act of solidarity after Israel launched a genocidal war against the Palestinian people in Gaza the previous day. “Many people believe the pope’s presence is the only deterrent in the face of Israeli threats … and that once he leaves, the shadow of war will change and there could be a different reality,” she said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/la-county-offering-cash-back-for-shopping-local-with-gift-cards
Article: Los Angeles County is giving consumers a way to get more bang for their buck this holiday season by offering extra cash with a new digital gift card to shop locally. Recover Local campaign to help business owners recover from January’s firestorm, the county launched a new program Monday where customers can buy a $100, $50, or $20 digital gift card for a local small business and they’ll get an additional 50% bonus on the card while supplies last. Local businesses with less than 100 employees can apply to be featured and accept the digital gift cards if they have a brick-and-mortar store located within fire-impacted areas in Altadena, Pacific Palisades, Topanga, north Pasadena, Malibu and west Santa Monica.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/hong-kong-china-news-apartment-fire-probe-reveals-unsafe-netting-death-toll-exceeds-150-government-stifles-dissent/18236309/
Article: Hong Kong fire probe reveals unsafe netting as death toll exceeds 150, government stifles dissent Hong Kong firefighters have found dozens more bodies during an intensive search of a high-rise complex after a massive fire Hong Kong firefighters have found dozens more bodies during an intensive search of a high-rise complex after a massive fire Hong Kong firefighters have found dozens more bodies during an intensive search of a high-rise complex after a massive fire Hong Kong firefighters have found dozens more bodies during an intensive search of a high-rise complex after a massive fire HONG KONG -- Hong Kong officials said Monday that their investigation into a deadly blaze that killed at least 151 has revealed some of the netting that covered scaffolding used in renovations was not up to fire-safety codes, as a wave of public sympathy and support was met by government moves to stifle criticism. Initial tests of the netting showed it was up to code, but subsequently investigators collected 20 samples from all areas, including higher floors, and found seven failed safety standards, suggesting contractors skimped to make greater profits, said Eric Chan, Hong Kong's Chief Secretary. Donations for survivors of the fire had reached 900 million Hong Kong dollars ($115 million) as of Monday, authorities said, as a steady stream of people placed flowers, cards and other tributes at a makeshift memorial near the burned out block of buildings. Hong Kong police Disaster Victim Identification Unit staff had searched five of the burned buildings but only made partial progress through the remaining two, said Tsang Shuk-yin, head of the police casualty enquiry unit. Private donations and 300 million Hong Kong dollars ($38.5 million) in start-up capital from the government will be used to help victims rebuild their homes and provide long--term support, local officials said. It confirmed officials had carried out 16 inspections of the renovation project since July 2024 and had warned contractors multiple times in writing that they had to meet fire safety requirements. "People are angry and think that the HK (Hong Kong) government should be accountable," said Jean-Pierre Cabestan, a locally-based political scientist and senior research fellow at Paris's Asia Centre think tank. But the leeway for dissent is limited in the former British colony, which came under Chinese control in 1997 and has moved to quiet public criticism on national security grounds. "There are rumors being spread by bad people giving fake news about the firefighters not employing the correct tactics to fight the fire, or victims being charged 8,000 Hong Kong dollars a night to stay in hotels - these are all false," Tang said. "We will arrest these rumor mongers." On Saturday, the Office for Safeguarding National Security blasted what it called "evil schemes" that had "the ulterior motives of using the disaster to create trouble and disrupt Hong Kong." It did not give specifics. and attempting to incite hatred against the government." Dissent in the city has been muzzled since hundreds of thousands took to the streets in 2019 against government plans to allow extradition to mainland China.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3e04pl48ldo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hillsborough police report 'may not give answers' 34 minutes ago Share Save Judith Moritz , Special correspondent and Daniel Wittenberg , Senior Producer Share Save Reuters The report into police conduct surrounding the Hillsborough disaster is due to be published on Tuesday Families of some of those killed in the Hillsborough disaster fear they may once again be denied full accountability as the long-delayed report into police conduct surrounding the stadium crush is due to be published on Tuesday. Several people who worked on the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) investigation - including a former director - have told the BBC they doubt the report will deliver all the answers survivors and bereaved relatives were promised. 'People deserve more' The police watchdog has spent more than 13 years examining the actions of South Yorkshire Police and other forces in the aftermath of the 1989 disaster in which 97 Liverpool supporters were killed during an FA Cup semi-final at Sheffield Wednesday's Hillsborough ground. Jenni Hicks said she was "very disappointed" not to get the full report Jenni Hicks, whose teenage daughters Sarah and Victoria died at Hillsborough, said she would have preferred families to see the longer report before any decision was made about publication. "I would have liked to have seen what it's taken 13 years to produce." Some insiders said they believe the process has been hampered by internal disagreements, overlapping inquiries and a lack of momentum. "After 13 years, people deserve more than a 400-page report." Mike Benbow said it remained to be seen whether or not the report would help any of the bereaved to achieve closure Another insider, who did not want to be named, said: "It will be the equivalent of doing a house viewing through a keyhole. It will just be an executive summary and a timeline of what went on." The IOPC said the full report would be placed in the National Archives and that the transfer would begin next year, though no deadline has been set. Both were set up in 2012 following revelations of a widespread cover-up in which police leaders were found to have spread false narratives blaming Liverpool fans and withheld evidence of their own failings. 'We have to succeed' At that time, the families bereaved by the disaster - and the thousands who survived it - were daring to feel optimistic for the first time in more than 20 years. This includes more than £56m on IOPC staff, which peaked at about 200 employees, at least £10m on accommodation, with dedicated offices in Warrington, and as much as £18,000 per year of IOPC spending on stationery. Perhaps the money would have been better spent on the NHS, or somewhere else it's desperately needed." PA Media Charlotte Hennessy (second left) met Sir Kier Starmer at Downing Street with Steve Kelly, Margaret Aspinall and Sue Roberts Charlotte Hennessy was only six years old when her father, James, was killed in the disaster. "We want to be able to live our lives but we keep getting pulled back into this." She added: "There has been no empathy for my own mental health, no compassion for how distressing the outcome may be." Ms Hennessy also feels uncomfortable about the cost of such a long-term investigation. This has been hard to stomach for complainants who felt they had read plenty of evidence in the Hillsborough Independent Panel report in 2012 which exposed the cover-up, and who had heard plenty more at the inquests that followed. The BBC viewed the Hillsborough archive at the IOPC's Warrington office in 2016 Ms Hennessy had complained of police gross negligence after the 2016 Hillsborough inquests found that her father might have survived with better emergency medical care. No number of reports will change the facts." 'Hell and back' Debbie Matthews gave evidence at the inquest as her brother Brian was one of the 97 victims Debbie Matthews, whose brother Brian was killed at Hillsborough, made two complaints alleging that officers had fabricated evidence and given false statements. Our mental health is suffering really badly because of this." Andy Burnham, the Merseyside-born mayor of Greater Manchester, who was culture secretary when renewed scrutiny of Hillsborough began, said he hopes the report will result in senior police officers from the time being held to account. "What it has never achieved is individual accountability on officers who led a cover-up and attempted to blame the Liverpool supporters." The report's publication comes as the Public Office (Accountability) Bill - widely known as the Hillsborough Law - continues its passage through Parliament. Andy Burnham hopes the report will result in senior police officers from the time being held to account The legislation aims to ensure that victims of major incidents receive greater transparency and accountability in future and that public bodies have a legal duty to be truthful and fully cooperate with investigations. Families who celebrated the publication of the Independent Panel report and cried with joy after the inquests verdicts in 2016 felt they were getting to the truth but they also wanted justice and accountability. An IOPC spokesperson said: "We share the frustrations of survivors, bereaved families and all of those who have campaigned so long for answers - and we have said to them, they deserve better. "Our investigations are part of what have been very lengthy and unprecedented processes." Listen to the best of BBC Radio Merseyside on Sounds and follow BBC Merseyside on Facebook, X, and Instagram.

Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/12/01/g-s1-99925/world-aids-day-trump
Article: is not officially commemorating World AIDS Day toggle caption Annabelle Gordon/Getty Images; Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images The State Department issued a terse statement last week saying, "an awareness day is not a strategy." The result is that on December 1, the United States is not commemorating World AIDS Day. has not participated since the World Health Organization created this day in 1988 to remember the millions of people who have died of AIDS-related illnesses and recommit to fighting the epidemic that still claims the lives of more than half a million people each year. By contrast, last year former President Joe Biden held a ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House with the AIDS Memorial Quilt — with coffin-shaped patches each honoring someone who had died of AIDS-related causes — spread out on the grass. Tommy Pigott, a spokesperson for the State Department, confirmed the decision not to commemorate the day, writing in a statement that the country is "modernizing our approach to countering infectious diseases" and that "under the leadership of President Trump, the State Department is working directly with foreign governments to save lives and increase their responsibility and burden sharing." Some HIV/AIDS activists reacted with frustration to the news — and with protests. "I think it's emblematic of an administration that doesn't seem to care," said Mitchell Warren , the executive director of AVAC, a global HIV prevention organization based in the U.S. However, since the start of President Trump's second term, almost a year ago, his administration has made major cuts to global health spending and programing as it champions an America First approach and emphasizes countries being weaned off aid. This has disrupted HIV/AID care in many parts of the world — including making it challenging for some HIV-positive individuals to get their medication in places such as Zambia , the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia and Kenya, according to UNAIDS.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/tsa-will-charge-45-fee-for-air-passengers-without-real-ids.html
Article: Transportation Security Administration said on Monday it will begin charging air travelers $45 on February 1 if their IDs do not meet stricter federal standards, a move aimed at encouraging travelers to get the enhanced identity documents. On November 20, TSA said in a notice posted in the Federal Register that travelers could face an $18 fee if they did not have REAL ID but officials in a briefing with reporters said that they had raised the price because expenses for the option were higher than forecast. The fees are nonrefundable and it may take travelers up to 30 minutes to pay the fee to go through security if they fail to pay before arriving at the airport. Most travelers use state-government-issued driver's licenses that meet the requirements but passports issued by any government are also an acceptable form of ID as are other forms of IDs including permanent resident cards, Department of Defense IDs, DHS trusted traveler cards and others.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/broadcom-gets-more-street-approval-but-cramer-says-its-not-in-a-race-with-nvidia.html
Article: If you ask Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, however, there's nothing to worry about at his company, whose stock has been under pressure since Gemini 3 came out late last month. "What Nvidia does is much more versatile," Nvidia co-founder and chief executive Jensen Huang told Jim Cramer in an interview following Monday's announcement of Nvidia's $2 billion stake in Synopsis , a leader in design software. "You're now seeing a real, tangible example of an opportunity that we could do with our platform that nobody else can." While the Street agrees with Jensen that Nvidia remains a dominant force, Broadcom is certainly making a mark as well. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/senator-chuck-schumer-receives-bomb-threats-at-three-regional-offices-in-ny?traffic_source=rss
Article: The top Democrat in the United States Senate, Chuck Schumer, has said that three of his New York state offices were targeted with emailed bomb threats alleging the “2020 election was rigged”. In a statement on social media, Schumer said that local law enforcement on Monday received bomb threats referencing his offices in Rochester, Binghamton and Long Island with the email subject line “MAGA”. “Everyone is safe, and I am grateful for their quick and professional response to ensure these offices remain safe and secure for all New Yorkers.” A law enforcement source confirmed to the Associated Press news agency that police in Suffolk County on Long Island responded to Schumer’s area office, but could not confirm the details of the threat.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/white-house-trump-underwent-mri-heart-abdomen-october-normal-rcna246837
Article: The White House on Monday released a summary of the results of a magnetic resonance imaging scan President Donald Trump underwent in what had been described as a "routine" physical in October, with the president's doctor saying he's in "excellent" health. Barbabella, wrote in a memo that the MRI was of Trump's cardiovascular system and abdomen, and said all of the imaging was “perfectly normal.” He said that the imaging was done “because men in his age group benefit from a thorough evaluation of cardiovascular and abdominal health.” Trump is 79. The heart chambers are normal in size, the vessel walls appear smooth and healthy, and there are no signs of inflammation, or clotting.” As for the abdominal imaging, he wrote that “all major organs appear very health and well-perfused. Everything evaluated is functioning within normal limits with no acute or chronic concerns.” The memo called the type of scan "standard for an executive physical at President Trump's age." Such imaging is not standard during the typical annual physical, but some high-end “executive physicals” used by hospitals can include scans like full-body MRIs. A memo from Barbabella in October said the checkup was part of Trump’s “ongoing health maintenance plan.” The president underwent “advanced imaging, laboratory testing, and preventative health assessments,” the doctor wrote, not specifically mentioning the MRI. 14 trip, he again did not say what had been scanned, and said the testing was "standard." "I have no idea what they analyze, but whatever they analyze, they analyze it well, and they said that I had as good a result as they’ve ever seen," he said.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/robbery-suspect-used-employee-shield-before-getting-shot-hpd-says/18236292/
Article: Robbery suspect used employee as shield before getting shot, HPD says HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- A suspected robber used an employee as a shield outside a check cashing business in north Houston, according to the Houston Police Department. "He was transported to a nearby hospital with all the injuries from the gunshot wounds." ABC13 looked at commercial robbery crime data within a five mile radius of this business. According to HPD crime data, there've been 21 reported commercial robberies in the last month in the area, which is just slightly less compared to the same time last year when there were 25 commercial robberies reported.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/gangs-launch-large-scale-attack-haitis-central-region-hundreds-flee-gunfire-burning-homes/18236378/
Article: Gangs launch large-scale attack in Haiti's central region as hundreds flee gunfire and burning homes SAINT-MARC, Haiti -- Heavily armed gangs attacked Haiti's central region over the weekend, killing men, women and children as they set fire to homes and forced survivors to flee into the darkness. "Losing the country's 2 largest departments - West and Artibonite - is the greatest security failure in modern Haitian history." The bulk of Haiti's police force and the Kenyan officers leading a U.N.-backed mission to help repel gangs are in the capital, Port-au-Prince, which itself is largely held by gangs. Guerby Simeus, a Pont-Sondé official, told The Associated Press by phone on Monday that he had confirmed nearly a dozen deaths, including a mother and her child and a local government employee. A run for the coast Many survivors fled to the coastal town of Saint-Marc, where hundreds of angry people on Monday demanded that the government take action against gangs who have repeatedly attacked Haiti's central region. "We've got to stand up and fight!" The crowd tried to break into the mayor's office with one unidentified man telling the AP that they weren't going to rely on the government any longer: "We're going to take justice into our own hands!" Charlesma Jean Marcos, a political activist, said the gang announced last week that they were going to invade the area, and that they alerted authorities to no avail. "A country cannot run like this." Marcos urged all the survivors sleeping on the street and in public parks to instead sleep inside police stations and government offices until the government can take back Artibonite. "We can support you today, we can support you tomorrow, but we won't be able to support you forever." More than half of Haiti's population is already experiencing crisis levels of hunger or worse, with gangs blocking main roads and the ongoing violence displacing a record 1.4 million people. The attacks were blamed on the Gran Grif gang, which operates in the area and was responsible for an attack on Pont-Sondé in October 2024 that killed at least 100 people, one of the biggest massacres in Haiti's recent history. "I heard heavy shooting, so much shooting," one unidentified man recalled to The Associated Press and criticized the lack of police, saying he was stuck inside his house all weekend until Monday morning. has said killings have risen dramatically in Haiti's Artibonite and Centre departments this year, with 1,303 victims reported from January to August, compared with 419 during the same period in 2024. "These assaults underscore the capacity of gangs to consolidate control across a corridor from the Centre to the Artibonite amid limited law enforcement presence and logistical constraints," a recent U.N. "Blood continues to flow, lives and property continues to be lost in front of a government incapable of addressing the population's problems for more than a year," he wrote on X, adding: "Stability???!" ___ Coto reported from San Juan, Puerto Rico and Sanon from Port-au-Prince, Haiti.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/what-the-law-says-about-killing-survivors-of-a-boat-strike-according-to-experts
Article: “I can’t imagine anyone, no matter what the circumstance, believing it is appropriate to kill people who are clinging to a boat in the water,” said Michael Schmitt, a former Air Force lawyer and professor emeritus at the U.S. The White House confirmed Monday that a second strike was conducted in September against a vessel accused of trafficking drugs off the coast of Venezuela and insisted it was done “in self-defense” and in accordance with the laws of armed conflict. military strikes against alleged drug boats A news report about that attack spawned a new level of scrutiny from lawmakers and added to a growing debate about whether service members can refuse to follow illegal orders, which some Democratic lawmakers recently encouraged. The report that set off the debate The Washington Post reported last week that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth issued a spoken directive to “kill everybody” on a boat targeted on Sept. READ MORE: Lawmakers voice bipartisan support for congressional reviews of Trump’s boat strikes Hegseth called it “fake news” on social media, saying strikes on the boats are “in compliance with the law of armed conflict — and approved by the best military and civilian lawyers, up and down the chain of command.” President Donald Trump said Sunday the administration “will look into” it, but added that “I wouldn’t have wanted that — not a second strike.” He noted that Hegseth told him “he did not order the death of those two men.” White House spokeswoman Karoline Leavitt told reporters Monday that Bradley had ordered the second strike and “was well within his authority to do so.” She denied that Hegseth said to leave no survivors. strikes on alleged drug boats ‘unacceptable’ The administration has justified the attacks as a necessary escalation to stem the flow of drugs into the United States and asserted the U.S. And under the Uniform Code of Military Justice, Article 118 makes murder an offense.” Even within an armed conflict, Schmitt said the military would have broken the law if it killed survivors, calling that a war crime. Even in striking an enemy warship that leaves survivors, “you cannot attack them unless they’re still shooting at you.” What Congress has said about what comes next Leaders of the Armed Services committees in both the House and Senate have opened investigations. Jack Reed, said in a statement late Friday that the committee “will be conducting vigorous oversight to determine the facts related to these circumstances.” READ MORE: Democratic senators ask Trump administration to provide legal basis for Venezuela strikes Concern about the second strike comes after a group of Democratic lawmakers — all veterans of the armed services and intelligence community — released a video last month calling on U.S.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/shooting-of-national-guard-members-prompts-flurry-of-u-s-immigration-restrictions
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — Since last week’s shooting of two National Guard members in the nation’s capital by a suspect who is an Afghan national, the Trump administration announced a flurry of policies aimed at making it harder for some foreigners to enter or stay in the country. WATCH: Investigations of National Guard shooting reveal suspect worked for CIA in Afghanistan The Trump administration says the new policies are necessary to ensure that those entering the country — or are already here — do not pose a security threat. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said on the social platform X last week that asylum decisions will be paused “until we can ensure that every alien is vetted and screened to the maximum degree possible.” Besides the post, no formal guidance has been put forward, so details remain scarce about the planned pause. 27, Edlow said his agency was conducting a “full scale, rigorous reexamination” of every green card for people he said come from “every country of concern.” “American safety is non negotiable,” Edlow said. The agency said in a press release that same day that it was issuing new guidance that could make it tougher for people from 19 countries the administration considers “high-risk,” including Afghanistan, when they apply for immigration benefits such as applying for green cards or to stay in the U.S. WATCH: Questions emerge about National Guard shooter’s motives and the impact on immigrants Separately, Secretary of State Marco Rubio announced late Friday on X that the State Department has temporarily stopped issuing visas for all people traveling on Afghan passports. A review of refugees admitted under the Biden administration Even before the shooting of two National Guard members, the Trump administration was planning a sweeping review of tens of thousands of immigrants who entered the U.S. Trump suspended the refugee program the day he took office and only a trickle of refugees have been admitted since then, either white South Africans or people admitted as part of a lawsuit seeking to restart the refugee program.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/bitcoin-dips-below-85000-briefly-in-crypto-rout
Article: WATCH: Trump family’s cryptocurrency ties raise concerns as administration loosens regulations Companies that enable investors to buy and sell cryptocurrencies, as well as the growing number of companies who have made investing in bitcoin their main business focus, were hammered in Monday’s sell-off. The market value for the World Liberty Financial token, or $WLFI, has fallen to about $4.14 billion from above $6 billion in mid-September, according to coinmarketcap.com And the price of a meme coin named for President Donald Trump, $TRUMP, is $5.70, a fraction of the $45 asking price just before his inauguration in January. WATCH: As economists warn tariff policies are hammering the dollar, Trump family invests heavily in crypto Analysts point to a number of factors that have led to the sell-off in bitcoin and other crypto investments, including a broad risk-off sentiment that has gripped markets this fall, sending investors toward safer havens such as bonds and gold. In a research note to clients last week, Deutsche Bank analysts also attributed the recent declines in crypto to institutional selling, other long-term holders collecting profits and a more hawkish Federal Reserve. WATCH: What to know about Trump’s cryptocurrency plans and a potential conflict of interest On the regulatory front, the crypto industry received a boost in July when Trump signed into law regulations that set initial guardrails and consumer protections for stablecoins, which are tied to assets like the U.S.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c4gpr04mkd0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: British Fashion Awards: Baby bumps and Traitors stars Watch: Celebrity glamour and pregnancy reveal at Fashion Awards 2025 Designers, models and celebrities, including West End Girl singer Lily Allen, traitors star Cat Burns and fashion royalty Anna Wintour, descended on the Royal Albert Hall for the annual Fashion Awards on Monday night. Singer Ellie Goulding and actress Sienna Miller revealed their baby bumps as they posed for photographers on the blue carpet, after the British Fashion Council chose to forgo the traditional red carpet. Jonathan Anderson, creative director of Dior, was named designer of the year, with Grace Wales Bonner taking home British menswear designer of the year Givenchy's creative director Sarah Burton winning the British womenswear designer award. Meanwhile, Sudanese-American supermodel Anok Yai who won model of the year, said: "To all the little black girls watching me right now, your colour is not a curse… you are more powerful than you can imagine".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5627474/cdl-trucking-schools-dot-crackdown
Article: trucking schools could lose accreditation under DOT crackdown toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images WASHINGTON — The Department of Transportation is threatening to shut down thousands of truck driving schools as part of the Trump administration's widening crackdown on the U.S. The DOT announced Monday it plans to revoke the accreditation of nearly 3,000 trucking schools unless they can comply with federal requirements within 30 days, and warned another 4,000 schools could face similar action. "We are reigning in illegal and reckless practices that let poorly trained drivers get behind the wheel of semi-trucks and school buses," said Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy in a statement. Sponsor Message The crackdown on trucking schools is part of the Trump administration's broader effort to make sure that drivers are qualified and eligible to hold a commercial driver's license or CDL. In an NPR interview last month, Singh conceded that many schools are churning out drivers without giving them the skills to operate an 18-wheeler safely — though he says the problem isn't limited to newly-trained immigrant drivers.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/stock-market-today-live-updates.html
Article: Although November was a downbeat month for tech stocks, and saw both the S&P 500 and 30-stock Dow eke out small gains, investors are watching for catalysts that could lead to a year-end rally. On the technical front, December remains a strong seasonal month, fund flows have been steady, risk metrics have improved, the S&P 500 has surged back above the 50-day moving average, breadth has improved, yet sentiment remains historically weak," said Mark Hackett, chief market strategist at Nationwide. The S&P 500 averages a gain of more than 1% in December, making it the third-best month of the year for the benchmark in records going back to 1950, according to the Stock Trader's Almanac.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/1/zelenskyy-says-territorial-concessions-remain-ukraines-biggest-challenge?traffic_source=rss
Article: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that protecting Ukraine’s territorial integrity remains the “biggest challenge” in ongoing negotiations over a US plan to end the war, following discussions in Paris with European and US officials. Speaking alongside French President Emmanuel Macron at a joint news conference on Monday, Zelenskyy said Ukraine’s priorities include security guarantees, sovereignty and preventing concessions that would legitimise Moscow’s occupation of Ukrainian land. The comments came as officials from France, Germany, Italy, Poland and the United Kingdom joined discussions in Paris, holding calls with US special envoy Steve Witkoff as part of an intensifying diplomatic push to end the war, which Russia launched with its full-scale invasion in February 2022. Zelenskyy said the meeting also reviewed the substance of talks held a day earlier between Ukrainian and American officials in the United States, adding that more meetings are being prepared across Europe. Macron reiterated that “Ukraine must be the one to decide its own territorial boundaries”, while signalling that further discussions are planned between Washington and European allies on potential security guarantees for Ukraine should a deal to end the war emerge. Advertisement Territorial question deepens diplomatic tensions The territorial issue is shaping up to be the most sensitive point in negotiations, as Witkoff and US President Donald Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, prepare to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday. “We told the American side that it is unacceptable for Russia to continue its occupation of our territory and then demand that we grant it legitimacy,” Zelenskyy’s adviser, Rustem Umerov, told Al Jazeera Arabic. “Giving up our territory means that international law no longer exists and that any party can use force to abolish the sovereignty of another party.” Umerov said security guarantees remain a delicate part of discussions, because “we are seeking security for both Europe and Ukraine”. Reporting from Brussels, Al Jazeera’s Hashem Ahelbarra said that European Union leaders are insisting that no major concessions be made to Russia, and that “instead of handing over territory, there need to be land swaps that can only be decided by the Ukrainian people”. It comes after a draft US plan was leaked to the press in mid-November, prompting criticism in Ukraine and among its European allies, who said the document heavily favoured Moscow.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/costco-sues-trump-tariff-refunds-rcna246860
Article: 28 filing that it is seeking a “full refund” of all IEEPA duties paid as a result of President Donald Trump's executive order which imposed what he called "reciprocal" tariffs. “Because IEEPA does not clearly authorize the President to set tariffs...the Challenged Tariff Orders cannot stand and the defendants are not authorized to implement and collect them,” Costco's lawyer writes in the lawsuit. Costco does not say in the filing how much the duties imposed by Trump have cost the company, but a total of nearly $90 billion has been paid by importers under the IEEPA law according to U.S. Millerchip said that while the wholesaler was seeing a direct impact from tariffs on imports of some fresh food items from Central and South America, the retailer decided not to increase prices "because they are key staple items" for its customers. In September, Millerchip told analysts: "We continue to work closely with our suppliers to find ways to mitigate the impact of tariffs, including moving the country of production where it makes sense and consolidating our buying efforts globally to lower the cost of goods across all our markets." Through the end of October, a total of $205 billion in tariffs has been collected by the government.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/flying-without-real-id-or-passport-itll-cost-you-45-soon
Article: Airline travelers who attempt to pass through security checkpoints without a Real ID will be subject to the Transportation Security Administration’s new security screening program and pay a new fee of $45. On Monday, the TSA announced that passengers without a Real ID or other TSA-approved form of identification have the option to verify their identity through the modernized alternative identity-verification program, officially called TSA Confirm.ID, beginning Feb. Advertisement “Identity verification is essential to traveler safety, because it keeps terrorists, criminals, and illegal aliens out of the skies and other domestic transportation systems such as rail,” said Adam Stahl, acting deputy administrator for the TSA. “This process will differ airport to airport, and TSA is working with private industry to proactively offer online payment options prior to arrival at the airport,” according to a press release. Advertisement According to a TSA announcement in the Federal Register last month, the proposed program will use a new biometric kiosk system to verify identification before each traveler without a Real ID or other acceptable form of identification is permitted to pass through the TSA checkpoint. “Travelers will process with a kiosk system that captures their biometric data and compares it to TSA’s Secure Flight watchlists,” said Tom Spagnola, senior vice president of Partner Relations at CheapOair. “There could be potentially long lines of travelers waiting to pay their fee.” Ultimately, it will be a much more effective, streamlined experience and faster process to complete the TSA journey because the new biometric systems enable touchless, paperless identify verification, he said. Confirm.ID is, “a next step in the process in REAL ID compliance, which was signed into law more than 20 years ago and finally implemented by Secretary [Kristi] Noem as of May 2025,” the TSA said in a statement. “TSA is working with stakeholders and partners to ensure both security and efficiency at our checkpoints.” The newest program comes seven months after the TSA finally began enforcing its Real ID deadline, with mixed results. Since May 7, travelers who plan to board a domestic flight are required to show the federally compliant Real ID or another approved form of identification such as a passport.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/sen-kelly-slams-trump-calls-investigation-caribbean-strikes/story?id=128013547
Article: Mark Kelly on Monday repeatedly said he would not be silenced by President Donald Trump and Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth even after the Department of Defense announced last week that it would be launching a "thorough review" of Kelly citing "serious allegations of misconduct." "I will not be intimidated by this president. I am not going to be silenced by this president or the people around because I've given too much in service to this country to back down to this guy," Kelly said at a news conference Monday afternoon. Jonathan Ernst/Reuters Kelly slammed Hegseth, calling him "unqualified for this position" and saying Hegseth should testify concerning the boat strikes in the Caribbean Sea where two survivors were allegedly killed after a second strike was authorized on a boat suspected of ferrying drugs in September. Kelly, a member of the Senate Armed Services committee, said there "needs to be an investigation" into the strikes following reporting from the Washington Post that Hegseth issued a verbal order to kill survivors with a second strike. Kelly added that "if there is anyone who needs to answer questions in public and under oath, it is Pete Hegseth." "I hope what we are hearing is not ... I will say, though you know as somebody who has sunk two ships myself, that folks in the military need to understand, you know, the Law of the Sea, the Geneva Conventions, what the law says. Felix Leon/AFP via Getty Images When asked about a Washington Post report that Hegseth ordered the military to kill all passengers aboard the boat suspected of carrying drugs, White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt said Adm. Bradley worked well within his authority and the law, directing the engagement to ensure the boat was destroyed and the threat to the United States of America was completely eliminated," Leavitt said Monday. Asked by ABC News whether the video he posted on social media telling military members that they can disobey illegal orders was about strikes in the Caribbean, Kelly said it was "not about this specific thing." But Kelly did say that he hopes the American people are given an opportunity to see the legal argument behind the strikes that lawmakers were presented during closed-door briefings. "This isn't about me and it's not about the others in that video, they're trying to send a message to retired service members, to government employees, the members of the military, to elected officials and to all Americans who are thinking about speaking up, 'You better keep your mouth shut, or else,'" Kelly said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/jim-cramer-ai-trade-breaking-up.html
Article: "Just keep in mind that things change very fast in the AI space, so what was true last month might not necessarily stay true this month or next year." He pinpointed a difference in the performance of AI companies linked to OpenAI — like Nvidia , Oracle , Microsoft and AMD — and those affiliated with Alphabet — such as Broadcom and Celestica . Hyperscalers with strong balance sheets are starting to pull ahead, he continued, noting that companies like Alphabet , Meta and Amazon have the capacity to keep spending big on AI. Cramer also said he doesn't want to "paint with too broad of a brush here." For example, he noted that Nvidia got hit over worries about newfound competition and its ties to OpenAI. The diversification of the AI trade is a good thing, Cramer suggested, saying it's positive that investors are starting to think more critically about which of these companies "deserves to be winners." "In general, I think it's actually pretty healthy.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/pop-culture/pop-culture-news/curtis-50-cent-jackson-speaks-diddy-feud-secret-video-ahead-netflix-do-rcna246794
Article: Rapper Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson, who executive-produced an upcoming Netflix documentary about Sean "Diddy Combs, addressed his ongoing feud with the hip-hop mogul and the secret video he obtained of Combs recorded days before his arrest in 2024. Six days after the video was recorded, Combs was arrested by federal agents at a New York City hotel and charged with racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking and transportation for purposes of prostitution. Combs or his team, and its inclusion raises serious questions about how it was obtained and why Netflix chose to use it." Engelmayer accused Jackson of trying to exploit the video for entertainment and said Netflix's use of it is "reckless disregard, not journalism." Combs' legal team sent Netflix a cease-and-desist letter Monday. “We also reached out to Sean Combs’ legal team for an interview and comment multiple times, but did not hear back.” Jackson, who has publicly feuded with Combs over the years, told NBC News last week why he wanted to executive-produce the documentary. "If I didn’t say anything, you could assume that all of hip-hop culture is comfortable with his actions or what they’re depicting them as, the person he is, because no one said anything," he said. "Let’s stop for a second and do say that I hated him enough to hire his kids, and we’ve never done anything to each other, so it’s just competitive energy and things that you say about other artists while you’re in hip-hop culture," he said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/view-from-space-tule-fog-swamps-huge-swath-of-california
Article: Advertisement Technically known as radiation fog, the weather phenomenon is the result of a combination of “a cool, moist layer of air from the Pacific close to the surface, clear skies above and light winds,” according to the National Weather Service. The NWS forecast shows most of the Central Valley — including Merced, Fresno, Visalia and Bakersfield — should be spared from the most hazardous conditions Monday evening, then the fog is expected to again thicken overnight and reach Level 3 of the weather service’s five-level fog severity index, indicating moderate risk and half a mile of visibility. The fog is not all bad: It is beloved by growers of crops such as almonds, apricots, cherries, peaches and pistachios because it helps the trees to satisfy the dormancy requirement necessary to produce flowers and fruit.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyvnnz5842o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: OBR head's resignation leaves potential landmines for Reeves 49 minutes ago Share Save Faisal Islam Economics editor Share Save Getty Images The shock resignation came for a very specific reason, but the OBR saga will continue with a series of decisions the chancellor will have to make over Richard Hughes' replacement. When I saw the now-departing chairman on the evening of the Budget last week, he was clearly mortified by the responsibility of his organisation for the early release of Budget information. While it is no surprise to me that Mr Hughes took the honourable decision to resign for an error identified as the fault of a junior member of staff, it was not the only issue vexing him. There had been a drumbeat of noise from the right, and the left and now from the centre too about the restrictions the OBR system placed on the freedoms of elected Governments.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvg1q62jmv0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Jury trial reforms set to be announced 12 minutes ago Share Save Dominic Casciani Home and legal correspondent Share Save BBC The jury box at Court One of the Old Bailey The government is set to announce plans to restrict the right to a jury trial in England and Wales in an attempt to turn around unprecedented backlogs and delays in justice. It is not clear if that plan - which would end jury trials other than for most serious cases including murder - has been approved by Cabinet or retreated from. Last week's leak of an internal government briefing showed final Ministry of Justice plans to create new forms of jury-less trials, where cases would be decided by a judge alone. Speaking ahead of the announcement in Parliament, Lammy declined to confirm the final package, but said there would be an extra £550m over three years for specialist victim support services - and £34m aimed at attracting more barristers into criminal work.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c62njx2jp52o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'OBR chief resigns' and 'Reeves clings on' 27 minutes ago Share Save Share Save The Financial Times leads with the news of the Office for Budget Responsibility chair's resignation after its early Budget leak. Richard Hughes's departure follows a review that found "the same failures had allowed early access to the Spring Statement" and left concerns that "other Budgets could also have been compromised". Relations between the financial watchdog and the Treasury were at an "all-time low" after Richard Hughes chose to publish a timeline it says challenged Reeves's claims about "difficulties she faced balancing the books". The Guardian says Richard Hughes took "full responsibility" for the Budget leak as he exited the OBR, while Sir Keir Starmer "notably failed to express confidence in the senior economist". Labour MP Tulip Siddiq is also pictured on the front page after being been sentenced to two years of jail in Bangladesh after being put on trial in her absence over corruption allegations. The paper says the man, who it reports played for England in the 2010s, has been bailed pending further inquiries after being arrested at Stansted airport following an allegation from an ex-partner.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/c5y9rrw658wo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: World number 52 Scott Donaldson gained one of the best victories of his career as he beat eighth seed Mark Allen 6-1 in a late-night finish on day three of the UK Championship. Donaldson, whose father Hector died aged 70 on 2 October, was in tears as he walked to the arena before the match - the song he chose, Babylon by David Gray, was one of his dad's favourites and played at his funeral. Tough to go through but once I got the first frame, after that I was all right." Donaldson, 31, admitted it had been "very difficult" to regain his composure during the match as he moved into a 3-0 lead over the former world number one. But in an encounter full of long, tough frames, one of which lasted an hour with another around the 50-minute mark, Donaldson kept nudging closer to victory, before sealing a superb success.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5627179/rage-bait-oxford-word-of-the-year
Article: Don't get angry, but the 2025 Oxford Word of the Year is 'rage bait' toggle caption woocat / Getty Images Take a deep breath and think of your happy place: "rage bait" is the 2025 Oxford Word of the Year. After three days of online voting by more than 30,000 participants, Oxford University Press announced on Monday that "rage bait" is the official pick, beating out fellow shortlist nominees "aura farming" and "biohack." Defined as "online content deliberately designed to elicit anger or outrage by being frustrating, provocative, or offensive," rage bait is "typically posted in order to increase traffic to or engagement with a particular web page or social media account," according to Oxford's definition. Sponsor Message Oxford weighs in Before the term "rage bait" entered the English lexicon around 2002, "the internet was focused on grabbing our attention by sparking curiosity in exchange for clicks," says Casper Grathwohl, president of the Oxford Languages division at Oxford University Press. "Now we've seen a dramatic shift to it hijacking and influencing our emotions, and how we respond." In recent months, the word gained popularity after actress Jennifer Lawrence revealed that she has a secret TikTok account she uses to "get in fights" with strangers online. This year, says Oxford, "has been a year defined by the transformation of humanity in a tech-driven world." They list deepfake celebrities, AI-generated influencers, and virtual companions as examples of tech seeping into our minds and, particularly, our emotions. " Oxford brief for "rage bait." Personifying the 2025 shortlist For the past few years, Oxford Press has used social media to gather public opinion on its Word of the Year shortlist. "Biohack" appeared as a robotic, green juice-drinking woman who asks viewers, "have you ever tried to edit your lifespan?" Played by London-based actor and model Brenda Finn, the personified "biohack" subtly hints at the exploding international popularity of plastic surgery and anti-aging regimens. If elected, aura farming's "to-do list" includes banning fluorescent lighting, establishing universal basic income for microinfluencers, and teaching people how to ride a bike without hands: because "nobody should have to choose between reading 19th-century poetry and keeping their balance on two wheels." Is it any surprise that last year's Word of the Year was "brainrot?"

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17220445/texas-tech-university-system-brandon-creighton-race-gender-discussions
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback Texas Tech University System Chancellor Brandon Creighton on Monday imposed restrictions on how faculty discuss race, sex, gender identity and sexual orientation in classrooms and introduced a new course content approval process, underlining that instructors could face discipline for not complying. In a memo to university presidents, Creighton said instructors may not promote that “one race or sex is inherently superior to another; an individual, by virtue or race or sex, is inherently racist, sexist or oppressive, consciously or unconsciously; any person should be discriminated against or receive adverse treatment because of race or sex; moral character or worth is determined by race or sex; individuals bear responsibility or guilt for actions of others of the same race or sex; or meritocracy or a strong work ethic are racist, sexist or constructs of oppression.” Creighton defined promotion as “presenting these beliefs as correct or required and pressuring students to affirm them, rather than analyzing or critiquing them as one viewpoint among others.” The memo includes a flowchart detailing a new approval process for any course content that touches on the restricted topics. If it is not required for those purposes, instructors must seek approval to keep the material by submitting it to their department chair, dean and provost, who will forward their recommendation and justification to the Board of Regents. In a news release, Creighton said the goal of the new policies was to provide “clarity, consistency and guardrails that protect academic excellence.” A system representative said the memo was intended to guide faculty as they prepare for the spring semester, which starts in six weeks. Creighton’s memo concludes that “the integrity of this process depends on the earnest participation of every faculty member” and warns that noncompliance “may result in disciplinary action consistent with university policies and state law.” It was immediately unclear how faculty across the Texas Tech University System reacted to the changes, but Kelli Cargile Cook, a professor emeritus who founded Texas Tech’s Department of Professional Communication, said the memo pushed her to scrap a class she planned to teach this spring and begin drafting a resignation letter instead. But when you think about how this would be put into practice, where a Board of Regents approves a curriculum — people who are politically appointed, not educated, not researchers — that move is a slippery slope.” Cargile Cook was alarmed by the memo’s characterization of certain race and sex concepts as “one viewpoint among many,” saying it treats settled facts “as if George Wallace being a racist is a viewpoint,” referring to the former Alabama governor known for defending segregation. Creighton’s memo describes the new requirements as the “first step” in the Board of Regents’ implementation of Senate Bill 37, a state law authored by Creighton before he resigned from the Texas Senate to lead the Texas Tech System. System leaders launched restrictions on how faculty discuss gender identity in classrooms in September after a viral video of a Texas A&M professor teaching about gender identity drew conservative backlash, led to the professor’s firing and the university president’s resignation, and prompted universities across the state to scrutinize their course offerings. Neither the executive order, the governor’s letter nor the new state law specifically mentions college instruction, and no federal or state laws — including SB 37 — limit how professors should teach these topics. The new policies at the Texas Tech University System follow in the footsteps of the Texas A&M University System, which last month approved a new policy that requires each campus president to sign off on any course that could be seen as advocating for “race and gender ideology or topics related to sexual orientation or gender identity.” Texas Tech’s new rules appear to go further than A&M’s by adding a formal approval process that ends with the Board of Regents. At Texas State University, the student newspaper The University Star reported that faculty received guidance to rewrite course descriptions in “ideologically neutral” language and remove terms that could be associated with advocacy. At the University of Houston, Chancellor and President Renu Khator instructed faculty to review their course titles, syllabi and content “to ensure they were not knowingly or unknowingly “violating the university’s stated academic commitments.” “Our responsibility is to give [students] the ability to form their own opinions, not to force a particular one on them,” Khator wrote in a letter to the campus community on Nov. “Our guiding principle is to teach them, not indoctrinate them.” She outlined a four-phase review of all core curriculum under SB 37, beginning with a preliminary evaluation by the provost’s office and the university’s lawyers by the end of December and culminating in a report to the Board of Regents by February. The UH chapter of the American Association of University Professors replied, warning that the review process Khator described threatens academic freedom by allowing administrators to overrule faculty judgment and by encouraging “false balance” in the classroom. Disclosure: Texas A&M University System, Texas Tech University, Texas Tech University System, Texas Tech University System and University of Houston have been financial supporters of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/putin-russia-control-2-ukrainian-cities-ukraine-denies/story?id=128018937
Article: Ukraine denies claims Russian President Vladimir Putin visits a command post of Russia's joint force grouping in the course of a military conflict against Ukraine at an unidentified location, December 1, 2025. Russian President Vladimir Putin has claimed without evidence that Russian forces have taken control of Pokrovsk and Vovchansk, both Ukrainian cities where intense fighting has been happening for weeks in the eastern part of the country. In the past month, Russia has come close to capturing the city, which is devastated, but Ukrainian troops continue to hold areas, and it has not fully fallen, according to independent military analysts and Ukrainian troops on the ground. The city has not been taken, but it effectively no longer exists, Head of Communications for the Ukrainian Joint Forces Viktor Tregubov told ABC News when asked about Russia’s claims.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/police-officer-killed-suicide-bombing-northwest-pakistan-127993384
Article: A suicide bomb attack on a police vehicle in northwest Pakistan has killed at least one officer and wounded several others, officials said ISLAMABAD -- A suicide bomb attack near a police vehicle in restive northwest Pakistan bordering Afghanistan killed at least one officer on Monday and wounded several others, officials said. The Balochistan Liberation Front, a separatist group, claimed responsibility in a statement, saying its fighters targeted an office of the Frontier Corps and that an exchange of fire with troops was ongoing. Pakistan has witnessed a surge in violence in recent years, and the government often blames Balochistan-based separatists and the outlawed Pakistani Taliban, known as Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan or TTP, which is separate from, but aligned with, Afghanistan’s Taliban government. Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs last week said that Pakistan will welcome mediation by friendly countries, including Iran and Saudi Arabia, but Islamabad only wants Kabul to rein in the TTP and other militants and stop them from using the Afghan soil for attacks inside Pakistan.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/royal-christmas-king-charles-iiis-charity-auctions-stockings-128002734
Article: Christmas stockings created by members of the King's Foundation Sewing Bee group, which have been made using curtains repurposed from the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, are hung from the fireplace in the Yellow drawing room at Dumfries House, which is part of The King's Foundation near Cumnock, Ayrshire, Scotland, Tuesday, Nov. (Andrew Milligan/PA via AP) Christmas stockings created by members of the King's Foundation Sewing Bee group, which have been made using curtains repurposed from the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, are hung from the fireplace in the Yellow drawing room at Dumfries House, which is part of The King's Foundation near Cumnock, Ayrshire, Scotland, Tuesday, Nov. How about a Christmas stocking made from the drapes of King Charles III’s Sandringham estate and hand-stitched by a sewing circle at Dumfries House in Scotland, where the king’s charitable foundation works to preserve traditional skills and crafts? Deftly tugging their needles through the royal fabric, members of the Dumfries House Sewing Bee recently put the finishing touches on the festive decorations, which will be auctioned off to raise money for the King’s Foundation. “It’s a great atmosphere in the sewing bee, a great group of friends, and we do a lot for charities as well.” Wilson and her friends have created 25 of the stockings, each of which will be numbered to make them unique. “We hope that whoever is lucky enough to win one of the stockings at auction will pass it down as a family heirloom to be treasured for decades to come,” said Sarah McClymont, the lead tutor for the foundation’s Future Textiles initiative. In 2024, students from the furniture school at Highgrove Gardens, part of the king’s private residence in western England, crafted footstools upholstered with fabric from still more curtains that once hung at the palace and castle.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/south-korea-headline-inflation-at-2point4percent-y/y-bolstering-case-for-rate-pause.html
Article: Eric Lafforgue/art In All Of Us | Corbis News | Getty Images South Korea's consumer prices rose 2.4% in November from a year earlier, driven by higher food and services costs, bolstering the case for the Bank of Korea to maintain interest rates at the current level for longer. The consumer price index was roughly in line with median forecasts for a 2.35% figure, but stayed above the BOK's inflation target level of 2% for a third straight month. An index on prices of agricultural and fishery products increased 5.6% from a year earlier, mainly because prices of fresh produce, including rice and mandarins, soared 18.6% and 26.5%, respectively. The BOK kept interest rates unchanged for a fourth straight meeting at 2.50% last week as a tumbling won currency reduced the scope for further easing and signaled the bank could be nearing the end of its current rate cut cycle. This is due to the impact of adverse weather conditions, including frequent rain, and the won's declines, which has led to a sharp increase in the price of agricultural, fishery, and petroleum products," Finance Minister Koo Yun-cheol said at a policy meeting.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/the-ai-trade-with-a-lot-of-upside-not-much-downside-strategist-.html
Article: Very high risk-return, very high components of supply chain and AI, but you get a lot of upside with not much downside," he told CNBC's "Squawk Box Europe" on Monday. Oracle, too, has been increasingly reliant on debt to fund its AI infrastructure build; analysts have flagged its tight free cash flow as investors keep an eye on how such companies are net cash positioned. Carrell said that "Europe looks like a beacon of stability" given its 2% rates and 2% inflation "give or take," while for AI "the picks and shovels are much cheaper in Asia, including a little bit in Japan as well." He added: "So we think you've got to look elsewhere.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/intl-criminal-court-says-libyan-war-crimes-suspect-now-in-custody?traffic_source=rss
Article: The International Criminal Court (ICC) says it has taken Khaled Mohamed Ali El Hishri, who is wanted for allegedly committing crimes against humanity and war crimes in Libya between 2015 and 2020, into custody. El Hishri was “surrendered to the custody” of the court in The Hague, the Netherlands, on Monday, by authorities in Germany, where he was arrested on July 16 this year. “Mr El Hishri is alleged to have been one of the most senior Mitiga Prison officials, where thousands of persons were detained for prolonged periods,” the ICC said in a statement. “He is suspected of having committed directly himself, ordered or overseen crimes against humanity and war crimes, including murder, torture, rape and sexual violence, allegedly committed in Libya from February 2015 to early 2020,” the court said. Learn more ⤵️ https://t.co/6kvEZ6Ei1Y — Int'l Criminal Court (@IntlCrimCourt) December 1, 2025 El Hishri’s transfer to the ICC’s custody comes a week after the court’s deputy prosecutor, Nazhat Shameem Khan, briefed the 15-member UNSC in New York on the details of the ongoing case, saying that “there is a new momentum towards justice in Libya”. “It is the victims of murder, sexual violence, torture and the other most serious crimes addressed by our Court that stand to lose the most from these coercive actions,” she said. Although Libya is not a party to the Rome Statute, the treaty which created the ICC, it has accepted the court’s jurisdiction over its territory from 2011 to the end of 2027, as of May this year. The ICC still has nine other outstanding arrest warrants in relation to the same case, including for former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi’s son, Saif Al-Islam Gaddafi, and Chief of Judicial Police Osama Elmasry Njeem. Njeem was detained in Italy in January this year, but within a few days, he was reportedly released and transferred back to Libya, where he faced arrest last month, according to media reports. The ICC released a statement at the time of Njeem’s release from Italian detention, reminding governments that are party to the Rome Statute, which includes Italy, “to cooperate fully with the Court in its investigations and prosecutions of crimes”.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/inside-stockton-banquet-where-kids-were-slaughtered-parents-try-to-pick-up-pieces
Article: The sun was beginning to set Sunday when members of a Stockton family pulled open the metal door of a banquet hall that a day earlier had been the venue for a 2-year-old’s birthday party — a joyful affair that ended in violence and heartbreak. Authorities have asked the public for tips and surveillance video, offered a $50,000 reward for information that leads to an arrest, but said there is no continuing threat to the community. They’re very money-motivated, and and gangs make it enticing for them to do that instead of being a kid.” The mayor also said she asked the White House for a dedicated U.S. Advertisement In the hours after the shooting, many in the neighborhood were kept awake as sirens from ambulances and police cars wailed, their lights flashing eerily in the dense tule fog.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cnv2z059745o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Australia won't be intimidated by firms over social media ban, minister tells BBC 25 minutes ago Share Save Katy Watson Australia correspondent, in Brisbane Share Save BBC Anika Wells says tech companies have had plenty of time to improve safety themselves Australia's Communications Minister Anika Wells has told the BBC she is not intimidated by technology companies who disagree with the country's "world-leading" social media ban and is ready if Washington weighs in. From December 10, ten social media firms including Snapchat, Meta, TikTok and YouTube will have to take what the government says are "reasonable steps" to stop children under 16 from having accounts on their platforms. Companies including Meta have said they agree more is needed to keep young people safe online, but don't think a ban is the answer, with some experts raising similar concerns. Speaking to the BBC in Brisbane, Wells said the tech companies have had plenty of time - 15 to 20 years - to improve their practices, in light of research indicating their platforms cause harm. "I am not intimidated by big tech because I understand the moral imperative of what we're doing," she said, adding that speaking to parents whose children have suffered online kept her strong. "We're pleased to be the first, we're proud to be the first, and we stand ready to help any other jurisdictions who seek to do these things." However, US President Donald Trump has previously said he would stand up to any country that attacked US tech companies. in 60 seconds She also said tech companies are right to be worried about this legislation in Australia – to have fears it could be the first of many countries to restrict social media for teens. "If you don't have a safe operating model and if people are losing their lives as a result of your operating model, I think you can expect public policymakers to act." Australia's legislation, while popular, has not been without criticism. "The safety e-Commissioner definitely has her eye on Roblox and you would have seen that Roblox even in recent weeks has had to take steps to make their platform safer," said Wells. "This isn't a cure, it's a treatment plan, and treatment plans will always evolve as we can adapt and address harm and see what works and what doesn't," Wells said. "That still doesn't mean that we shouldn't have a law that prevents under 18s from drinking alcohol in Australia because the public health evidence tells us that is a good and proper thing to do."

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c93w8xxj09jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Car made famous by Bond was left to rust on a drive - now it's worth £1m 4 hours ago Share Save Matthew Richards BBC Wales Share Save Dominic Fraser/Aston Martin Works The Aston Martin DB5 was described by an expert as "very special" A 1960s James Bond-style Aston Martin DB5 - which became so dilapidated local children played on it - has been restored and is now worth £1m. John Williams The Aston Martin DB5 fell into disrepair while sitting outside but has now undergone a three-year restoration He fell in love with Aston Martins when he was given a toy car at eight, and by 19, he had saved enough money to buy one advertised in a motoring magazine. But after getting a job in the Middle East at the end of the 1970s, the DB5 went into storage, and then sat on the drive exposed to the elements - and local children. "And then one was jumping on the roof thinking, 'does it work?' because he'd seen the Bond film and thought it was going to come up." 'Saved and sacrificed' There were only 1,022 DB5s made between 1963 and 1965, which were given a huge boost when James Bond, played by Sean Connery, drove one complete with ejector seat and revolving number plates. Dominic Fraser/Aston Martin Works Financial pressures meant John and Susan Williams almost sold the car Susan added: "Money comes into it and reality, and sitting at the kitchen table he said 'what do you think?'. Marc Bow/Timbuktu Content The car had become home to a number of mice while it remained on the drive After removing the mouse nest, technicians spent 2,500 hours replacing parts and restoring features, including the original paint job. 'It's such an overwhelming car to be in the presence of' Aston Martin's historian Steve Waddingham said: "It would almost be easier to build a brand new car, but to actually repair and put new sections into a very heavily corroded car like this one took an awful lot of skill and patience." But he said the effort is worth it, adding: "It's such an overwhelming car to be in the presence of - the smell of, it the feel of it, the noise it makes. "They are very special and you cannot get out of your mind those various famous film scenes." Marc Bow/Timbuktu Content The restoration took an "awful lot of skill and patience"

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/01/nx-s1-5545712/us-ski-resorts-steep-drop-international-travel-politics
Article: Going into the Thanksgiving holiday — the traditional start to the ski season — resorts across the West delayed openings due to low or no snowfall, and many couldn't even make artificial snow due to the balmy weather. Our friends from up north are welcome here The Whitefish Mountain Resort, long known locally as Big Mountain, sits about 60 miles south of the U.S.-Canada border and has historically gotten a quarter of its business from up north. "We think of Canadians as our neighbors, and British Columbia and Alberta, we're right here — we're a border state," says Zak Anderson, executive director of Explore Whitefish, the local resort chamber. Not this year.'" Welcome Back Canada toggle caption Kirk Siegler/NPR Small towns dependent on tourism are launching campaigns to entice Canadians back, including Kalispell, Mont., near Whitefish and Glacier National Park. Anderson, at Explore Whitefish, says the drop in Canadian business this year for now has been buffered by a spike in domestic tourists and Montana's population boom since the COVID-19 pandemic.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/white-house-says-u-s-fired-twice-at-alleged-drug-boat-raising-bipartisan-legal-concerns
Article: Geoff Bennett: Welcome to the "News Hour." Today, the White House confirmed that the military fired twice at a single alleged drug boat in early September as part of its campaign of airstrikes in the Caribbean. Admiral Bradley worked well within his authority and the law, directing the engagement to ensure the boat was destroyed and the threat to the United States of America was eliminated. The Washington Post reported it was a response to a verbal order by Secretary Hegseth: "Kill everybody." Karoline Leavitt: I would reject that the secretary of war ever said that. On Friday night, Hegseth criticized — quote — "fabricated, inflammatory and derogatory reporting," but went on to describe the attacks as — quote — "specifically intended to be lethal kinetic strikes." Three minutes later from his personal account, he wrote: "We have only just begun to kill narco-terrorists." Those responses reinforced already existing bipartisan concern. The chair and ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee said: "The committee is aware of recent news reports and the Department of Defense's initial response regarding alleged follow-on strikes. The committee has directed inquiries to the department and we will be conducting vigorous oversight." And the chair and ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee said they too are taking bipartisan action to gather a full accounting of the operation in question. Nick Schifrin: President Trump is deciding whether to take further action, including strikes on Venezuelan soil, while making it clear there will be no apologies for the campaign so far.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/that-2nd-strike-was-a-violation-of-the-laws-of-war-former-senior-military-lawyer-says
Article: So, as we just saw in that report, the White House is defending Admiral Frank Bradley, whom the White House today said ordered that follow-up strike that killed survivors on that alleged drug boat in the Caribbean, saying he was acting well within his authority. Well, I mean, obviously, his authority as the commander extends to the entire operation in the Caribbean, and that would have included both the first strike and the second strike. Steven Lepper (Ret.): Well, as an attorney who spent 35 years advising commanders on military operations and many other things, what that means to me is that the secretary, either intentionally or unintentionally, communicated to everyone below him that there would be no quarter. Such persons are among the categories of persons placed hors de combat," as you just said, out of combat or out of action." Making them the object of attack is strictly prohibited." So is there any legitimate gray area here or is what transpired a clear violation of law? Steven Lepper (Ret.): Well, if the surveillance video showed two survivors clinging to wreckage, then there is no question that this was an unlawful order to target those two survivors. The Law of War Manual that you just quoted from a minute ago has an additional provision in it later on in the text that uses the precise example of shooting survivors in the water as an example of an unlawful order.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/trump-declines-to-mark-world-aids-day-as-funding-cuts-threaten-hiv-prevention-efforts
Article: Amna Nawaz: Communities across the globe commemorated World AIDS Day today, honoring those who've died from the disease and reaffirming a commitment to end an epidemic that's killed more than 44 million people worldwide. World AIDS Day was created almost 40 years ago, at a time when, you're probably not old enough to remember, but stigma in this country of around HIV was oppressive. And so I think that this really signifies, on a very important day of commemoration, the administration not only not pushing the accelerator on ending the HIV epidemic globally, but actually pumping the brakes. So I think it fits in with so much of what's happened with the funding and some of the other possibilities of funding that may still happen for the domestic program. Under the leadership of President Trump, the State Department is working directly with foreign governments to save lives and increase their responsibility and burden-sharing." The administration is arguing that the work is still continuing, albeit with a different level of rigor. And so a lot of the work that's happening in PEPFAR, so many of the things domestically are actually strategies that have demonstrated effectiveness in reducing the rate of HIV infection, not only domestically, but globally and saved millions of lives. I'm scared that this lack of concern by the administration and, frankly, something that is going to erase so much of their legacy with ending the HIV epidemic and even before that Republican administrations that led to PEPFAR, as well as Ryan White, I think that they're dismantling a legacy that is one that I think should be celebrated, rather than ignored. William Brangham: I want to switch gears for one moment, if you don't mind, to your recent work at the CDC, where you oversaw vaccine policy with regards to respiratory diseases like COVID. Demetre Daskalakis: Yes, so first important to say that any death is a sad thing, but I — just to be very frank, that that memo is in effect a glorified social media post without any information backing it up.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/rise-of-crisis-pregnancy-centers-highlights-shift-in-anti-abortion-movement
Article: Carrie Baker: As these clinics get more and more things like ultrasounds and appear more and more medical and encourage people to rely on what they're saying, they're more of a danger. Becca Rausch (D-MA): In order to get at anti-abortion centers, at this very real problem and threat to the health and safety of a lot of people, we have to do it in a way that does not run afoul of the First Amendment. But if they can't provide any ultrasound services because it's illegal in Massachusetts for them to do so because they lack a license and the appropriate training to do so safely and accurately, then that doesn't happen at the get-go.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/judge-review-maurene-comeys-wrongful-termination-case-trump/story?id=128022293
Article: Former federal prosecutor Maurene Comey and the Trump administration have not talked about settling her civil lawsuit and do not believe alternatives to a trial “would be useful at this time,” the parties told the judge in a letter on Monday. Comey is suing over her firing, arguing she was “abruptly and wrongfully terminated” because her father is former FBI director James Comey, or because of her perceived political affiliation and beliefs. Attorney’s office for the Northern District of New York, which is handling the case for the Justice Department, affirmed the need for a conference with the judge, which is currently scheduled for Thursday. Alex Wong/Getty Images “While there are cases that discuss a President’s authority under Article II to remove Principal Officers and Inferior Officers, we are unaware of any decision that discusses (let alone approves of) a President’s use of Article II authority to remove without cause a non-officer civil service employee such as a line-level Assistant United States Attorney, in direct violation of the CSRA and the Bill of Rights,” Comey’s attorneys, Nicole Gueron, Ellen Blain, Deepa Vanamali and Margaret Donovan wrote.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/us-holiday-shoppers-shake-off-economic-blues-for-online-spending-spree.html
Article: consumers shrugged off worries about the economy after their Thanksgiving dinners and went on a $23.6 billion three-day online shopping frenzy that exceeded analyst expectations, kicking off the holiday season. Adobe projected that before the end of Cyber Monday, consumers would spend between $13.9 billion and $14.2 billion online, which would bring online spending to roughly $43.7 billion for the five-day period including Thanksgiving. Analysts at Kantar, who run shopper surveys and visit stores, said consumers made fewer impulse buys this year, while signs at brick-and-mortar stores like Walmart and Target contained language about discounts that was clearer and more specific and detailed than usual. CivicScience, a research firm that embeds consumer surveys in news and lifestyle websites, found that 38% of respondents used buy-now-pay-later (BNPL) services for at least one purchase over Black Friday weekend - the majority being young, lower-income shoppers.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/luigi-mangione-appears-in-court-as-lawyers-seek-to-bar-evidence-at-trial?traffic_source=rss
Article: Luigi Mangione, the 27-year-old who allegedly killed the chief executive of the biggest health insurer in the United States in December 2024, admitted that he had a 3D-printed gun in his backpack, a prison guard testified at a pretrial hearing in the case on Monday. The hearing in a New York City court is part of a process that will determine what evidence prosecutors can use against Mangione, accused of shooting dead UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. The guard said Mangione told him, without prompting, that he had a 3D-printed pistol in his backpack, which police say they found along with a silencer and journal writings that allegedly implicate him in the killing. A defence lawyer cast doubt on the guard’s assertion that Mangione, who wore a grey suit and a white shirt with a red checkered pattern at the hearing before Justice Gregory Carro, volunteered such incriminating information on his own. “You weren’t asking him any questions, you weren’t speaking to him at all… And out of nowhere, he says to you, ‘I had a 3D-printed pistol’?” defence lawyer Marc Agnifilo asked. Prosecutors have quoted extensively from Mangione’s writings in court filings, including his alleged praise for the late “Unabomber” Theodore Kaczynski, who carried out a series of mail bombings between 1978 and 1995. Mangione pressed a finger to his lips and a thumb to his chin as he watched footage of two police officers approaching him as he ate breakfast at a McDonald’s in Altoona, Pennsylvania, about 370km (230 miles) west of Manhattan. He gripped a pen in his right hand, making a fist at times, as prosecutors played a 911 call from a McDonald’s manager relaying concerns from customers that Mangione looked like the suspect in Thompson’s killing. “I have a customer here that some other customers are suspicious of, who looks like the CEO shooter, and they’re really upset, and they’re coming to me,” the employee was heard saying in a recording of the call played in court for the first time. Several supporters of Mangione appeared outside the court before the hearing, including one dressed as the villain from the video game Super Mario Bros, bearing a sign that said, “When patients die, profits rise”, and a woman with a “Free Luigi” sash.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn5lx240greo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: White House doctor releases Trump's 'perfectly normal' MRI results 2 hours ago Share Save Nardine Saad Share Save Getty Images US President Donald Trump "remains in excellent overall health" after undergoing a "comprehensive executive physical", according to his White House physician. Likewise, the doctor, a US Navy emergency physician who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, said results of Trump's abdominal imaging showed that "everything evaluated is functioning within normal limits with no acute or chronic concerns". In October, he said that he received an MRI at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center during a visit the White House said was part of his "routine yearly checkup". "The president promised it last night and we have it delivered today." Two outside physicians who reviewed the memo told the BBC that MRIs were "not typically standard" for preventive care. Likewise, Dr Jeffrey A Linder, chief of general internal medicine at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, says the memo does not specify whether an MRI or CT scan was performed, making it difficult to know exactly what was done.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm28y24l9dvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 2 hours ago Share Save Annabel Rackham & Emily Holt Share Save Getty Images The lights are up and the baubles are out: with trees across the country already decorated and on display, there has been some traditional grumbling about whether commercialism means it gets earlier every year. But there's no right or wrong time to get into the festive spirit, according to viewers of BBC Breakfast, who debated whether the show had "gone too early" by putting up its tree on the first day of December. It wasn't too early for Rebecca from the West Midlands, who sent in a picture of her tree that had gone up in August, or Jill who put up hers last weekend as it had "rained all day" and decorating "cheered her up". Her advice is "lights first, then ribbon or garlands, then large baubles, then smaller pieces." When it comes to colour, she suggests bright colours to invoke joy, and soft greens, whites and champagne colours to create calm. An artificial tree – but only if it is used for seven to 20 years, depending on the material – should be better environmentally than buying a new, commercially grown tree every year, according to the Carbon Trust. Radio one breakfast host Nick Grimshaw says he's bought a fake one for the first time this year, mainly because "his real one would often die "half way through December". BBC Breakfast BBC Breakfast viewer Rebecca has had her tree up since August How to look after your tree over Christmas If you are opting for a real tree, Annie Dellbridge, garden manager at Fullers Mill Garden, says before bringing it indoors you should water your tree generously. "If you are putting the tree in a stand, make sure it is one with a water reservoir under it and not just a criss-cross one, because then it gets no goodness whatsoever." From then, Annie recommends watering the tree every day to help prevent pine needles from falling out too quickly.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c0r95q9kv1go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US Navy commander ordered second Venezuela boat strike, White House says 37 minutes ago Share Save Brandon Drenon Share Save Watch: BBC Verify have tracked US assets in the Caribbean Sea A top US Navy commander ordered a second round of military strikes on an alleged Venezuelan drug boat, the White House has confirmed. "President (Donald) Trump and Secretary Hegseth have made it clear that presidentially designated narco-terrorist groups are subject to lethal targeting in accordance with the laws of war," Leavitt said during the Monday press briefing. Media reports that Hegseth had given the directive to kill all those on board the vessel during the 2 September strike have renewed concerns about the legality of US military strikes against alleged drug boats in the Caribbean. "I stand by him and the combat decisions he has made — on the September 2 mission and all others since." In recent weeks the US has expanded its military presence in the Caribbean and carried out a series of lethal strikes on suspected drug-smuggling boats in international waters off Venezuela and Colombia, as part of what it calls an anti-narcotics operation.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/el-chapos-son-pleads-guilty-in-us-drug-case-cuts-deal-with-prosecutors?traffic_source=rss
Article: Joaquin Guzman Lopez, a son of Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, has pleaded guilty in a Chicago court to two counts of drug trafficking and organised crime for his role in Mexico’s notorious Sinaloa Cartel, reversing his original not guilty stance following his arrest last year. With the guilty plea, Guzman Lopez is expected to avoid life in prison as part of a deal in which he cooperates with US prosecutors and pays an $80m charge representing the proceeds of his crimes, according to reports. Guzman Lopez will be sentenced by a judge at a later date, and will have no opportunity to appeal the sentence as part of the plea deal, according to reports. According to a report by the Chicago Tribune, in the 35-page plea deal, Guzman Lopez acknowledged that he and his brothers advanced the cartel’s operations by bribing officials and deploying firearms and other weapons to carry out violence targeting law enforcement, rival traffickers, and even members of their own organisation. The ‘Chapitos’ Guzman Lopez and his brother Ovidio, two of El Chapo’s four sons who are known in Mexico as the “Chapitos” or “little Chapos”, are on trial in the US and accused of overseeing a powerful faction of the Sinaloa cartel that they inherited from their father. Security at Chicago’s federal court was heightened as prosecutors on Monday outlined the events leading to Guzman Lopez ‘s dramatic arrest on US soil in July 2024, alongside another longtime Sinaloa leader, Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada. Their surprising capture prompted a surge in violence in Mexico’s northern state of Sinaloa as two factions of the Sinaloa cartel clashed amid reports of betrayal that led to the arrests in the US. During a meeting in the room with the unnamed person, Guzman Lopez allegedly had others enter through the open window, seize the individual, put a bag over his head, and take him to a plane. Guzman Lopez’s information underscores some of the details that Zambada had already described in a letter he signed, and which was released by his lawyer shortly after his arrest last year.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-01/simi-valley-double-homicide-burned-body-chino
Article: Though a suspect has not been identified, police said a burned vehicle — and the charred remains of a man discovered hours later in Chino — appears to be connected to the killings. “Between 2:30 and 3 p.m, we were able to determine that the vehicle was in the Chino area found fully engulfed with a subject near it also burned.” Advertisement Morton said investigators sent to the scene confirmed through law-enforcement databases that the vehicle was “in fact, linked to our double homicide here in Simi Valley.” The man found near the burning car was badly burned, he said, and that incident is being investigated as a suspected suicide. “I don’t know at this time what caliber it was,” Morton said, “and I don’t know if that handgun is related to our crime scene until further investigation is completed.” Advertisement Although the motive remains unknown, Morton said investigators believed there was no ongoing threat to the public “due to the condition of the subject that was located in Chino.” The male victim, Eric Cordes, was a longtime radiologist at Adventist Health Simi Valley. Our hearts are with his family, friends, and all who had the privilege of working alongside him as we grieve this shocking loss.” Advertisement Morton said the attack was not gang-related or the result of domestic violence, and that no other residents were inside the home when the shooting occurred.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-air-travelers-real-ids-charged-45-fee-128015401
Article: air travelers without a REAL ID will face a $45 fee starting in February FILE - A Real ID sign is displayed as Travelers wait to go through security check point at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, May 23, 2025. Obtaining the ID — indicated by a white star in a yellow circle in most states — means taking more documents to the motor vehicle agency than most states require for regular IDs. 1, travelers 18 and older flying domestically without a REAL ID and who don't have another accepted form of ID on them, such as a passport, will pay the non-refundable fee to verify their identity through TSA's alternative “Confirm.ID” system. The TSA initially proposed an $18 charge for passengers without a REAL ID, but officials said Monday they raised it after realizing the alternative identification program would cost more than anticipated.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/shooting-national-guard-members-prompts-flurry-us-immigration-128017967
Article: The Trump administration has announced new immigration restrictions following the shooting of two National Guard members by a suspect who is an Afghan national FILE - Gerardo Santos lifts his son Xavier, 5, on his shoulders during a protest in reaction to immigration raids, July 11, 2025, in Oxnard, Calif. Hong, File) WASHINGTON -- Since last week's shooting of two National Guard members in the nation’s capital by a suspect who is an Afghan national, the Trump administration announced a flurry of policies aimed at making it harder for some foreigners to enter or stay in the country. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Joseph Edlow, said on the social platform X last week that asylum decisions will be paused “until we can ensure that every alien is vetted and screened to the maximum degree possible.” Besides the post, no formal guidance has been put forward, so details remain scarce about the planned pause. 27, Edlow said his agency was conducting a “full scale, rigorous reexamination” of every green card for people he said come from “every country of concern.” “American safety is non negotiable,” Edlow said. The agency said in a press release that same day that it was issuing new guidance that could make it tougher for people from 19 countries the administration considers “high-risk,” including Afghanistan, when they apply for immigration benefits such as applying for green cards or to stay in the U.S. Trump suspended the refugee program the day he took office and only a trickle of refugees have been admitted since then, either white South Africans or people admitted as part of a lawsuit seeking to restart the refugee program.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/white-house-admiral-ordered-follow-strike-alleged-drug-128014230
Article: The White House says a Navy admiral ordered a second strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean Sea and insists the September attack that has come under bipartisan scrutiny was lawful WASHINGTON -- The White House said Monday that a Navy admiral acted “within his authority and the law” when he ordered a second, follow-up strike on an alleged drug boat in the Caribbean Sea in a September U.S. “Admiral Bradley worked well within his authority and the law, directing the engagement to ensure the boat was destroyed and the threat to the United States of America was eliminated.” Late Monday, Hegseth posted: “Admiral Mitch Bradley is an American hero, a true professional, and has my 100% support. I stand by him and the combat decisions he has made — on the September 2 mission and all others since.” A month after the strike, Bradley was promoted from commander of Joint Special Operations Command to commander of U.S. Concern over the Trump administration's military strikes against the alleged drug-smuggling boats has been building in Congress, but details of this follow-on strike stunned many lawmakers from both parties and generated stark questions about the legality of the attacks and the overall strategy in the region, and particularly toward Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro. Dan Caine, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, also spoke over the weekend with the two Republican and two Democratic lawmakers leading the Senate and House Armed Services committees. The statement added that the call focused on “addressing the intent and legality of missions to disrupt illicit trafficking networks which threaten the security and stability of the Western Hemisphere." Senate Majority Leader John Thune on Monday broadly defended the operations, echoing the Trump administration position that they're necessary to stem the flow of illegal narcotics into the United States. “We’ll see where they lead.” After the Post’s report, Hegseth said Friday on X that “fake news is delivering more fabricated, inflammatory, and derogatory reporting to discredit our incredible warriors fighting to protect the homeland.” “Our current operations in the Caribbean are lawful under both U.S. and international law, with all actions in compliance with the law of armed conflict — and approved by the best military and civilian lawyers, up and down the chain of command,” Hegseth wrote. Roger Wicker of Mississippi, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, pledged that his panel's investigation would be “done by the numbers.” “We’ll find out the ground truth,” he said, adding that the ramifications of the report were “serious charges.” Sen. Jack Reed, the top Democrat on the committee, who also called for the administration to release the video of the strike, said its inquiry would start “with briefings about what actually happened” from the officials involved. Mike Rogers, the Republican chair of its Armed Services Committee, said he was “satisfied” following a conversation with Hegseth on the attack, but that he also wanted to hear from Bradley. pressure has “tested” the country but Venezuelans are ready "to defend it and lead it to the path of peace.” "We have lived through 22 weeks of aggression that can only be described as psychological terrorism,” Maduro said. Rodríguez, Maduro’s chief negotiator, said a group of lawmakers will come together to investigate “the serious events that led to the murder of Venezuelans in the waters of the Caribbean Sea.” ___ Garcia Cano reported from Caracas, Venezuela.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/trump-dial-republican-votes-eve-us-house-special-128017157
Article: President Donald Trump and top Republicans are making a last-ditch push to prevent embarrassment in a hotly contested Tennessee special election for Congress Trump tries to dial up Republican votes on eve of US House special election in Tennessee FRANKLIN, Tenn. -- A Tennessee congressional seat that President Donald Trump and Republicans have previously won with ease became the unlikely epicenter of the fight for Congress on Monday, as House Speaker Mike Johnson headlined rallies and former Vice President Al Gore and Rep. “The whole world is watching Tennessee right now, and they’re watching your district,” the president said after Johnson put him on speakerphone during an event inside a garage stocked with vintage cars on a supporters' sprawling farm in Franklin. And it’s gonna show that the Republican Party is stronger than it’s ever been.” A few hours later, Trump drove home the message in a virtual rally, the second he's held for Van Epps since the former Army helicopter pilot and state general services commissioner became the Republican nominee. Behn, a self-proclaimed “pissed-off social worker” and progressive community organizer from Nashville, sprinted through her final campaign stops, including the virtual rally with Gore, a Tennessee native, and Ocasio-Cortez of New York. Gore said people are struggling with high costs for groceries and health care while Trump is running “by far, the most corrupt administration in history,” enabled in Congress by “way too many subservient cowards.” “Having had the privilege of representing Tennessee in years past, I want to tell you that I have never seen the political tides shift as far and as fast as we’re seeing them move in this election,” Gore said. Behn has been described by some state Democrats as “our very own AOC of TN,” a nickname that Republicans have harnessed to deride Behn as too far left for the district. “That is not going to happen.” Johnson is trying to maintain a narrow majority in the House, and he said the race is for “all the marbles.” Republicans have expressed concerns about turnout because early voting went into Thanksgiving week and Election Day follows the holiday weekend. It’s winning by a wide enough margin to send a real Tennessee message that we’re not going to stand for this.” Former Vice President Kamala Harris appeared in Nashville to rally voters last month while on a book tour, and national party chair Ken Martin visited as well. “The barrage of negative attacks is a result of the fact that they don’t have a plan to address the rising cost of health care,” Behn said at a campaign event Monday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/outlets-reach-millions-denied-access-rare-pentagon-news-128018936
Article: It's not often Pentagon officials hold briefings for the press, but they are this week — although outlets that reach millions of news consumers have been denied access Outlets that reach millions of news consumers are being denied access to rare briefings by Pentagon officials this week — sessions that are being held instead for Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth's hand-picked media organizations. Hegseth's team says the briefings are part of special orientation events for a newly credentialed Pentagon press corps, consisting primarily of conservative outlets that agreed to his new rules for operation. The Post, The Associated Press, CNN, Reuters and Newsmax were some of the outlets that said Monday they had requested special access to the Pentagon to cover question-and-answer sessions, but were denied. “Denying access to briefings to credible and nonpartisan news media that routinely cover the Pentagon is not conducive to transparency for the American public, who fund the department's budget to the tune of many hundreds of billions of dollars per year,” said Marc Lavine, North America regional director for Agence France-Presse, which also said its request was denied. The department's press office said Wilson's briefing is part of a special orientation event “for credentialed press only.” It would not say whether future briefings would follow the same rules. Rob Bluey, president and executive editor of The Daily Signal, said he expected to attend the briefings with reporter Bradley Devin, assuming some last-minute snags with their credentials are smoothed out. “Generally," he said, “I think that when government agencies err on the side of transparency it is to the benefit of the American people.” ___ David Bauder writes about the intersection of media and entertainment for the AP.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/maduro-rejects-a-slaves-peace-for-venezuela-as-us-ramps-up-pressure?traffic_source=rss
Article: Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has repeated calls for peace and pledged “absolute loyalty” to his people at a rally attended by thousands in Caracas, as tensions escalate over potential military action by the United States. The rally on Monday came as US President Donald Trump met with his national security team at the White House to discuss the “next steps” on Venezuela, according to media reports. The US has amassed 15,000 troops in the region and deployed the world’s largest aircraft carrier there, while also designating the Cartel de los Soles, which it describes as a drug trafficking cartel led by Maduro, as a “terrorist” organisation. Experts say the assembled US firepower far outweighs what is necessary for a drug-trafficking operation, while Caracas says the US is seeking regime change to take control of Venezuela’s vast natural resources, including oil. The Reuters news agency, citing four sources familiar with the matter, reported on Monday that Trump offered Maduro safe passage out of Venezuela during the short call on November 21. Maduro told Trump he was willing to leave Venezuela, provided he and his family members had full legal amnesty, including the removal of all US sanctions and the end of a flagship case he faces before the International Criminal Court (ICC), Reuters reported, citing three of the sources. Maduro claimed a re-election victory last year in a national ballot that the US and other Western governments dismissed as a sham, and which independent observers said the opposition won overwhelmingly. Al Jazeera’s Teresa Bo, reporting from Cucuta on the Colombia-Venezuela border, said Maduro’s appearance at the Caracas rally came amid rumours that he had left the country following Trump’s declaration about the closure of Venezuela’s airspace.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/canada-joins-key-eu-defence-programme-as-pm-carney-pivots-away-from-us?traffic_source=rss
Article: Canada has joined a multibillion-dollar European Union defence fund, becoming the first non-European country to do so, as Ottawa looks to diversify its military spending away from the United States. Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney said on Monday that participation in the EU’s Security Action for Europe (SAFE) initiative would give Canadian defence companies “tremendous opportunities” from increased access to the European market in a “dangerous and divided world”. “This is the next step in our deepening cooperation and symbolic of the shared priorities of the European Union and Canada,” Carney said in a separate joint statement with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. The 150-billion-euro ($170bn) SAFE rearmament fund was announced earlier this year amid fears of a potential Russian attack on the EU and concerns among member states over the reliability of US military protection. SAFE has been described as a major effort by the EU to “speed up defence readiness”, as the bloc aims to re-arm and be capable of defending itself from external threats by 2030. Advertisement The move by Canada comes after US President Donald Trump infuriated Canadians by launching a trade war earlier this year and suggesting that Canada become the 51st state in the US. Joint arms projects under SAFE must have a minimum 65 percent of their components produced within the EU’s 27 member nations, but partner countries such as Canada could be granted exemptions, according to reports. Priority defence spending under SAFE involves the procurement of missiles and ammunition, artillery systems, ground combat capabilities, drone and anti-drone systems, and cyber warfare, as well as air and missile defences, maritime forces, electronic warfare and “space assets protection”.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/plea-deal-son-drug-kingpin-el-chapo-details-128023186
Article: prosecutors revealed details of the abduction of Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada, a leader of the Sinaloa cartel MEXICO CITY -- Armed men entered through a window to ambush Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada, the most elusive of the Sinaloa cartel’s leaders, who was then loaded onto a plane, drugged and spirited across the border to the United States, according to details revealed Monday in the plea hearing of the drug trafficker who abducted him. Joaquín Guzmán López, the 39-year-old son of former Sinaloa cartel kingpin Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán, pleaded guilty to two counts of drug trafficking and continuing criminal enterprise in federal court in Chicago after admitting his role in overseeing the transport of tens of thousands of kilograms (pounds) of drugs to the U.S. The plea agreement did not name Zambada, but in the days after his arrest, one of his lawyers shared a letter from him that explained he had been called to a meeting with Guzmán López and there he had been abducted. Zambada in his letter said Guzmán López had called him to a meeting on the outskirts of Sinaloa state’s capital, Culiacan, along with some local politicians, one of whom was later found dead. The arrests set off a bloody fight in Sinaloa among their respective cartel factions for control of the business, violence that López Obrador’s successor President Claudia Sheinbaum is still dealing with. Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán is serving a life sentence after being convicted in 2019 for his role as the former leader of the Sinaloa cartel, having smuggled mountains of cocaine and other drugs into the United States over 25 years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/hong-kong-set-inquiry-deadly-fire-128023549
Article: Hong Kong has set up an independent commission to investigate a deadly fire that burned seven apartment buildings and killed at least 151 people HONG KONG -- Hong Kong will set up an independent commission of inquiry headed by a judge to determine the cause of a deadly apartment block fire that shocked the city and make recommendations to prevent a similar tragedy from happening again, its leader said Tuesday. “We must uncover the truth, ensure that justice is served, let the deceased rest in peace and provide comfort to the living,” he told the media at a 30-minute weekly appearance completely dominated by last week's blaze. Lee said that those responsible had mixed substandard netting with qualified netting “so as to cheat the inspection." Police and the city's anti-corruption authorities have already detained 14 people, including the directors and an engineering consultant of a construction company.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/us-air-travelers-real-ids-charged-45-fee-128015404
Article: air travelers without a REAL ID will face a $45 fee starting in February FILE - A Real ID sign is displayed as Travelers wait to go through security check point at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, May 23, 2025. Obtaining the ID — indicated by a white star in a yellow circle in most states — means taking more documents to the motor vehicle agency than most states require for regular IDs. 1, travelers 18 and older flying domestically without a REAL ID and who don't have another accepted form of ID on them, such as a passport, will pay the non-refundable fee to verify their identity through TSA's alternative “Confirm.ID” system. The TSA initially proposed an $18 charge for passengers without a REAL ID, but officials said Monday they raised it after realizing the alternative identification program would cost more than anticipated.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/i-decided-id-die-indonesias-flood-victims-recount-stories-of-survival?traffic_source=rss
Article: “As I was being carried, we got hit by a strong water current, which knocked my neighbour off his feet, and we both plunged into the flood,” said Nurdin, 71, who, like many Indonesians, uses a single name. “I started to drown as I couldn’t stand up, and I thought ‘This is it’.” Nurdin and his wife reached their neighbours’ home unhurt, but torrential rains soon made the building uninhabitable, forcing them to seek the assistance of the army, which evacuated the pair to a local mosque using a table as a makeshift stretcher. “I was there for four days.” At the mosque, Nurdin said that another Langsa resident told him that he lived next to a cemetery and had seen bodies rising out of the ground and floating away in the deluge. The mud in front of my home is still about half a metre high.” Floods in Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Malaysia have killed more than 1,140 people over the past week, following extreme weather brought on by three tropical cyclones. I might be able to save my bed if I put it outside and let it dry in the sun for a few days.” Nurkasyah said that the waters started to rise on Tuesday but subsided slightly before rising again on Wednesday following torrential rain overnight, until water was “coming in through the windows”. Along with 300 others, Nurkasyah took shelter in a local community centre for the next five days, eating only the few basic necessities that panicked residents had been able to grab as they raced to escape the rising waters. “I have been to see my home, but it is full of mud now, so I can’t live there.” At the same time as Nurkasyah was watching the floodwaters rise around her home, her son, Nasir, was taking a bus from Banda Aceh, the provincial capital of Aceh, to Medan, the provincial capital of neighbouring North Sumatra. “Unfortunately, when we got to Kuala Simpang on Wednesday afternoon, the driver said he couldn’t go any further or go back,” he said, referring to a town on the border of Aceh and North Sumatra provinces. As the town began to be submerged in the rising floodwaters, Nasir and the other passengers climbed onto the roof of the bus to keep safe and survey the scene. We managed to find a boat owned by a fisherman, who took us part of the way, and then a pick-up truck took us the rest of the way.” With many roads unpassable due to mud, fallen trees and other debris, Nasi now faces the prospect of an arduous trek home.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cre3q9edqx8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Italian town freezes Pavarotti statue knee-deep in Christmas ice rink, angering widow Just now Share Save Tabby Wilson Share Save Getty Images An Italian mayor has apologised to the family of opera star Luciano Pavarotti after the town of Pesaro encased a statue honouring the late singer within a Christmas ice rink. Before it was opened on 29 November, Mayor Andrea Biancani posted a doctored image of Pavarotti's statue playing ice hockey with the hashtag #DaiUnCinqueAPavarotti, which translates to "Give a high-five to Pavarotti". "I didn't expect a town would allow this treatment of the memory and the image of a person who made Italy great around the world," Ms Mantonvani told local outlet Il Resto del Carlino. Biancini told Il Resto del Carlino, which nicknamed the incident "Pavarotti on Ice", that when plans for the ice rink were initially presented to him, he was assured that the Pavarotti statue would not be touched and that it was only later that he found out designers had been forced to alter their construction.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/samsung-galaxy-z-trifold-first-multi-folding-phone-smartphone-competition-chinese-brands-huawei-apple.html
Article: When its screen panels are folded, the device is measures 12.9 millimeters (0.5 inches) thick — slightly more than the Galaxy Z Fold6 at 12.1 mm and the latest Galaxy Z Fold7 at 8.9 mm. "Samsung's first tri-fold model will ship in very limited volume, but scale is not the objective," Liz Lee, associate director at Counterpoint Research, said in a statement shared with CNBC. "With competitive dynamics set to shift materially in 2026, especially with Apple's expected entry into the foldable segment, Samsung is positioning this device as a multi-fold pilot to reinforce its technology leadership." Lee added that Samsung's latest product is meant to test durability, hinge design and software performance while gathering real-world user insights before wider commercialization. TM Roh, who was recently appointed Samsung Electronics co-CEO and head of the Device eXperience division, said the Galaxy Z TriFold reflects years of work on foldable designs and aims to balance portability, performance and productivity in one device.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/2/indias-sky-high-fares-crash-dreams-to-make-flying-accessible-to-all?traffic_source=rss
Article: He runs Rise, a private coaching centre for students aspiring to join the Indian Institutes of Technology – the country’s premier engineering schools – in Srinagar, but his family is based in New Delhi. According to a study published last November by Airports Council International (ACI), a global trade association representing more than 2,000 airports in more than 180 countries, India saw a 43 percent rise in domestic airfares in the first half of 2024, compared with 2019, the second-highest in the Asia Pacific and West Asia regions after Vietnam. A study representing 617 airports in the Asia Pacific and West Asia regions, conducted by ACI in partnership with Flare Aviation Consulting, a management consulting boutique specialised in the aviation and airports sector, attributes this surge to high demand, limited competition on some routes, and a 38 percent spike in aviation turbine fuel (ATF) costs since 2019. “Despite the huge surge already, airfares aren’t coming down and are only going up,” said Vandana Singh, the chairperson of the Aviation Cargo Federation of Aviation Industry in India (FAII), a government-recognised body that promotes India’s aviation sector. “The relentless increase in airfare does not reflect well on the accessibility of aviation in India,” Singh added, cautioning that the middle and economically weaker sections of society may soon find themselves excluded from the air travel landscape altogether. ‘Hollow catchphrase’ In October 2016, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched what his government has called the UDAN scheme – “Udan” means “flight” in Hindi, but the acronym stands for Ude Desh ka Aam Nagrik (Let the Common Citizen Fly). The stated aim of the scheme was to dramatically expand India’s aviation infrastructure, and open up dozens of new routes to make air travel accessible to lower-income Indians and people in smaller towns and cities. While flagging off the first flight under the scheme in April 2017, Modi said, “I want to see people who wear hawai chappals [flip-flops] flying in a hawai jahaaz [aeroplane].” His comments effectively became a slogan for the campaign, touted as the government’s bid to make flying affordable and accessible for millions of people from small-town India, many of whom cannot even afford shoes. “With fares escalating consistently over the past few years, this inspiring slogan now risks becoming a hollow catchphrase rather than a lived reality.” Under the Modi government, India has indeed witnessed a rapid expansion in the number of cities and towns connected by air, with airports more than doubling from 74 in 2014, when Modi came to power, to 157 in 2024. Because the number of flights and routes has gone up, the total volume of travellers in India has remained high, even if soaring prices mean that many individual passengers are reducing air travel. Rohit Kumar, an aviation economist and a faculty member at Rajiv Gandhi National Aviation University, said that while passenger numbers have not fallen, “the rise in fares has quietly pushed the lower and lower-middle classes out of the skies”. Kumar added that the remote working culture that many technology and service-driven industries in India have continued to embrace since the pandemic has allowed employees to travel more frequently than before. India’s aviation sector, Kumar cautioned, is being carried by a small, affluent section, while the vast majority – emerging flyers that the UDAN scheme was meant to serve – are increasingly being left behind. The merger raised concerns and faced strong opposition from critics, including trade unions and opposition parties, who feared that the consolidation of Air India, Vistara, and AirAsia India – another Tata Group subsidiary also merged with the other two – would lead to an aviation oligopoly, reducing competition and consumer choice in the Indian market. Zuhaib Rashid, an economics and research associate at the Isaac Centre for Public Policy, New Delhi, said the merger handed over control of India’s skies to just two private players, posing a serious threat to competition. Their dominance of the market also allows Air India and Indigo to jack up prices dramatically during peak travel seasons or emergencies, tour operators and experts say, citing two recent examples. Sajad Ismail Sofi, a Srinagar-based air travel agent, pointed to the aftermath of the deadly April attack on tourists in Pahalgam, a popular resort town in Indian-administered Kashmir, in which 26 civilians were killed. As tourists in other parts of Kashmir scrambled to leave the region, one-way ticket prices from Srinagar to other parts of India skyrocketed from 5,000 rupees ($56) to nearly 12,000 rupees ($135). Earlier in the year, Singh from the FAII recalled, one-way airfares from India’s financial capital, Mumbai, to the temple town of Prayagraj soared to 50,000 rupees ($564) – more expensive than flights to Paris – during the Mahakumbh Mela, one of Hinduism’s most sacred events in which devotees take dips in the Ganga river. By mid-2024, jet fuel prices in cities like Delhi and Mumbai were nearly 60 percent higher than in global hubs like Dubai, Singapore, and Kuala Lumpur, largely due to value-added taxes (VAT), central excise duties and additional cesses. Passengers are also charged, as part of their tickets, a user development fee, ranging from 150 rupees ($1.7) to 400 rupees ($4.5) depending on the airport; a passenger service fee of about 150 rupees ($1.7); an aviation security fee of 200 rupees ($2.3) per passenger; a terminal fee of 100 rupees ($1.2); and a regional connectivity charge between 50 rupees ($0.6) and 100 rupees ($1.2) per passenger. Advertisement In June, the International Air Transport Association (IATA), which represents more than 350 airlines globally, called for greater clarity in India’s taxation system, arguing that it was too complex. Amjad Ali, a travel operator from New Delhi, said he had been in the air ticketing business since 2005, and had never witnessed a sharp rise in airfares until 2020. Before the pandemic, a Mumbai–Delhi ticket, booked well in advance, used to cost about 3,800 rupees ($43), but now, it is hard to find one below 6,000 rupees ($68) for the same journey.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce8ng3yjenpo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Putin and Trump's envoy set for key Ukraine talks in Moscow 26 minutes ago Share Save James Chater and Laura Gozzi Share Save EPA Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet US special envoy Steve Witkoff in Moscow on Tuesday, after the White House said it was "very optimistic" about reaching a deal to end the Ukraine war. The summit comes after two days of negotiations in Florida between Ukrainian and US officials, including Witkoff and Kushner, aimed at refining a US-backed peace plan which had been viewed as favourable to Russia. Zelensky said the "territorial issue is the most difficult" element of the peace deal, with the Kremlin continuing to push for Ukraine to cede territory in the east which it still controls - something Kyiv has long-maintained it will never do. Speaking on Monday, White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt said the draft peace deal had "been very much refined", adding: "I think the administration feels very optimistic." She continued: "But as for the details, I will let the negotiators negotiate. But we do feel quite good, and we're hopeful that this war can finally come to an end." Last week, Putin said he had seen a draft peace plan proposed by the US, and that it could become the "basis" for a future agreement to end the war. As well as being heavily slanted towards Moscow's demands, it also dictated how several billion in frozen Russian assets currently held in European financial institutions should be invested, as well as setting the terms for Ukrainian market access in Europe. Speaking on Monday, Macron said there was currently "no finalised peace plan to speak of", and insisted that any such proposal could only be worked out with input from Ukraine and Europe. Macron said the question of territorial concessions could "only be finalised by President Zelensky", and pointed out that questions around frozen Russian assets, security guarantees, and Ukraine's accession to the EU needed to involve European nations. The French leader also praised efforts by the Trump administration to end the conflict, which began in 2014 with Russia's illegal annexation of Crimea, followed by a full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022. Kaja Kallas, the EU's foreign policy chief, said this week could be "pivotal", but that Moscow only wanted to negotiate "with those who are just offering them something on top of what they already have".

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/tesla-ceo-elon-musk-bats-for-h-1b-visa-says-tariffs-distort-markets-.html
Article: In a podcast with Indian entrepreneur Nikhil Kamath aired Sunday, Musk said that while some companies had been using the H-1B visa to hire foreign employees at a "fraction of the cost of an American citizen," his companies hire people to make up for the "scarcity of talented." U.S. did not have "certain talents." "I'm certainly not in the school of thought that we should shut down the H-1B program," Musk said, adding that it would be "very bad." Musk, whose relationship with the U.S. The Tesla CEO, who spearheaded the formation of the Department of Government Efficiency that was recently disbanded with eight months left to its mandate, according to Reuters, said "the president has made it clear he loves tariffs." Trump has levied "reciprocal" tariffs on dozens of countries, with several managing to strike a deal with the U.S. In the podcast with Kamath covering a wide range of topics, Musk also laid out his vision for the future, forecasting that working will be optional in less than 20 years and money as a concept would "disappear." Energy is the true currency, Musk said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cqlk663555no?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Yvette Cooper said the situation in Gaza remains "dire" as the United Nations warned that 1.5 million people are in need of urgent shelter amid worsening rains and plummeting temperatures ahead of winter. The UK government has criticised delays in aid being allowed into Gaza after a consignment of more than 1,100 tents it sent to the strip took more than a year to arrive. "These tents will provide a lifeline to thousands of people needing shelter, protecting them from the cold winds and relentless rain turning rubble into mud." About 1.9 million people in Gaza, nearly 90% of the population, have been displaced since the Israel-Hamas conflict began in October 2023, according to the UN. "The arrival of these tents shows the scale of potential impact when our aid gets in, and we will continue to do all we can to urge unhindered humanitarian access, the opening of all the crossings, the implementation of the peace plan, and a path to peace." Unicef Special Representative to the State of Palestine Jonathan Veitch said the arrival of the tents "represents months of ongoing work by the international community to push for greater aid access".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj6nly288j4o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Devastating toxic spill seen as test of whether African countries will stand up to China Just now Share Save Mayeni Jones BBC Africa correspondent Share Save Ali Ngwane / BBC Farmers like Mary Penge, 41, say their crop soil has been contaminated by the toxic spill Even before the dam collapsed, Lamec did not feel safe working at the copper mine. "We have to take a risk and use it again." He is talking to the BBC in a car on a quiet backroad near a village in northern Zambia, too nervous to speak to us in public or to use his real name, for fear that speaking to the press might cost him his livelihood. Toxic metals that can cause kidney damage and cancers, as well as gastric and intestinal issues, could be carried downstream to the capital, Lusaka, says Dr Mweene Himwiinga, a senior lecturer at Zambia's Copperbelt University. The Zambian government, it said, had reported that the pollution was contained to a confined area, water acidity levels had returned to normal limits and that ongoing checks showed no lasting public-health risks. Although the US has recently become the biggest foreign investor across the continent, China is still one of the largest investors in Africa's rich minerals and metals industry - not least in Zambia's Copperbelt Province, the scene of the dam collapse. And - in a sign of the close links between the two countries - Chinese Premier Li Qiang visited Zambia late last month, ahead of the G20 Leaders' Summit in South Africa. But China has also been accused of neocolonialism, with critics arguing that its infrastructure loans trap African countries in unmanageable debt, that it doesn't upskill local workers, preferring to bring its own in instead, and that its focus on mineral extraction sometimes comes at the expense of safeguarding the environment. "Because of the huge extent of the damage that has been caused, the huge extent of the carelessness that was very obviously involved." People found it hard to believe at first "because something of this scale had not happened before," he adds. The Chinese embassy in Zambia says Sino Metals has cooperated fully with the investigation into the incident, that compensation has been paid to 454 households and that all staff at the site have continued to be employed and receive their salaries, despite a six-month pause in mining. Ali Ngwane / BBC Farmer Abigail Namtowe says growing food is now a struggle In Copperbelt Province, Lamec tells us he was really broken by the spill affecting his family. "We were told that the waterways now had acid in them, and that we were not supposed to use the water." For two weeks after the spill, Lamec says he and his family weren't allowed to use the local water until it had been sprayed with lime to help reduce the acidity. Ali Ngwane / BBC Frederick Bwalya has been told contaminated water could be causing pain in his leg Sino Metals has promised to build a borehole away from the contaminated stream at the bottom of his farm, he says, but that hasn't happened yet. Now the rainy season has taken hold, the power to stop a second wave of pollution seeping into the soil, and carrying heavy metals down the river to the rest of the country, is in the hands of the government and Sino Metals. The clean-up has been delayed by issues between the consultants hired to assess the damage and Sino Metals, Dr Chibamba told the BBC, when asked why some of this work hadn't been done earlier. "According to research carried out by Copperbelt University, this could go on for even over 10 years, unless remediation efforts are put in place." Chongo Sampa / News Diggers Authorities have imposed a fishing ban on the Kafue River after the toxic spill The Zambian government says it is aware of this and has instructed Sino Metals to put mitigations in place to stop secondary pollution - including planting trees, to bring down levels of pollution in the air and soil, as well as spreading lime to reduce acidity. Some told us they had received as much as $3,000 (£2,400) in compensation from Sino Metals - but others said they had got as little as $700 (£500) from the company. "The last thing the Chinese want is to drive the Zambians closer to the Americans." Total trade between Zambia and the US was worth an estimated $296m (£226m) in 2024. And there are recent signs that both countries are becoming closer diplomatically, with some regional commentators suggesting the US may be turning to Zambia as a preferred ally in southern Africa because of increased tensions with neighbouring South Africa. "It's not Africa being taken for a ride, it's Africa coming of age, becoming a player in the world, with all of the different actors in the world." African governments are "not always getting it right", he says, however "this is not something you get right at the very beginning. Africa is becoming fully integrated in a complex world, making mistakes, the same kind of mistakes that other countries everywhere make." For its part, China denies taking advantage of Zambia, and told the BBC it was "grossly unfair" to characterise Beijing's relationship with African countries as neocolonial. "Most in Zambia would agree that the Chinese investors and the Chinese community as a whole are bringing to this country the much needed capital, technology, skills training opportunities, job creation and managerial expertise - and they are doing their best to blend in as law-abiding and responsible players," a statement from the Chinese embassy in Lusaka says. "It would be grossly unfair to label China-Zambia and China-Africa cooperation as neocolonialism based on the opinions of very few, while neglecting the larger picture of win-win cooperation between China and Zambia, and the wider Africa."

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3r78peyzzlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Costco sues Trump administration for 'full refund' of tariffs The case has now reached the Supreme Court, and several companies are trying to protect their rights to refunds should the justices strike down the tariffs. Multinational retail giant Costco has sued the US government to secure a full refund of import duties if the Supreme Court rejects President Donald Trump's authority to impose tariffs without congressional approval. In the lawsuit filed over the Thanksgiving holiday, Costco said its business had suffered because of the tariffs and was concerned it wouldn't get its money back even if the apex court upheld previous rulings. The world's third-largest retailer didn't say how much it was seeking back but trade data from the US customs agency shows importers like Costco have already paid about $90 billion in IEEPA-related tariffs as of late September. Costco brought the suit to the US Court of International Trade ahead of a 15 December 2025 deadline after which it would struggle to recoup any funds paid to the government. "The economic consequences of the failure to uphold President Trump's lawful tariffs are enormous and this suit highlights that fact," White House spokesperson Kush Desai told CNBC in a statement. Last month, the president said the US was "taking in Trillions of Dollars" in tariffs and promised "a dividend of at least $2000 a person (not including high income people!) will be paid to everyone".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/ce8ng18p7v3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Hong Kong leader orders investigation into deadly fire that killed 151 37 minutes ago Share Save Yvette Tan Share Save Video shows speed fire spread in Hong Kong high-rise Hong Kong's leader John Lee has ordered the creation of an independent committee to investigate the cause of a devastating fire that killed at least 151 people. Chief Executive Lee said that the committee would be led by a judge and would conduct "comprehensive reform", adding that he would work to "prevent similar tragedies from occuring in the future". The fire - which spread quickly both upwards and between the blocks - was only fully doused by Friday morning, some 40 hours after it started, and took more than 2,000 firefighters to bring under control. "I emphasise I will not tolerate any crimes, particularly crimes that exploit the tragedy that we are facing now." Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have both criticised the reported arrests.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c2lvzeyk21vo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Fast-fashion firms Shein and Temu face calls for US investigation 17 minutes ago Share Save Osmond Chia Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Fast-fashion giants Shein and Temu are facing increased pressure in the US after two senior politicians pushed for investigations, including into claims of forced labour and intellectual property theft. At a national level, Senator Tom Cotton called for a federal investigation into Shein and Temu, which he labelled "Communist Chinese" platforms and accused them of intellectual property theft that has "devastated" US firms. In a letter to US Attorney General Pam Bondi, Cotton - senior Republican - said that millions of packages from China now sit in US warehouses after Washington changed its rules on low-cost shipments in August. Designers and small American brands have accused Shein of systematically copying their original creations, often just days after launch, and selling them at a fraction of the price, he said. Separately, Paxton from Texas said that numerous reports have raised serious concerns about Shein's alleged reliance on forced labour, and claims of the use of unsafe materials and deceptive marketing.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c4g47zzz5rlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: He can take on a really good attack." Jacks, who has 60 caps in white-ball cricket, is primarily a batting all-rounder but did claim six wickets on his Test debut against Pakistan in Rawalpindi in 2022. Although day-night Tests are perceived to suit fast bowlers, Australia off-spinner Nathan Lyon has a better average, economy rate and strike-rate bowling with a pink ball compared to the red. "How they use their spinner as an attacking option, or more to get through the overs quicker to have more time with the new ball under lights - there's both those elements to consider how a spinner is used in a day-night game." England team for second Ashes Test: Ben Duckett, Zak Crawley, Ollie Pope, Joe Root, Harry Brook, Ben Stokes (captain), Jamie Smith (wk), Gus Atkinson, Will Jacks, Brydon Carse, Jofra Archer, Shoaib Bashir.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/tennessee-voters-make-final-call-house-special-election-128025120
Article: President Donald Trump and Republicans are hoping to recover from recent losses as Tennessee voters choose a representative for the conservative 7th Congressional District on Tuesday Republican congressional candidate Matt Van Epps, center, and his wife Meg Wrather, left, greet a poll worker after casting their ballots at an early voting site in the special election for the seventh district, Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/George Walker IV) Republican congressional candidate Matt Van Epps, center, and his wife Meg Wrather, left, greet a poll worker after casting their ballots at an early voting site in the special election for the seventh district, Wednesday, Nov. -- President Donald Trump and Republicans will try to bounce back from recent losses around the country when Tennessee voters choose the next representative for the reliably conservative 7th U.S. Only about 1 in 5 of its registered voters are in Nashville, and last year it went to Green by 21 percentage points and to Trump by a similar margin. Republicans remain confident that they can defend the seat, and they hope to dismiss Democratic claims that even red districts are now in play as Trump struggles with low approval ratings and persistent economic dissatisfaction. Trump held a virtual rally in November with Van Epps, a former state general services commissioner from Nashville who previously served as an Army helicopter pilot, to boost his candidacy. Van Epps originally opposed a House vote to force the Justice Department to disclose more Epstein documents but changed his stance to mirror Trump after the president backed the measure.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/northeast-prepares-major-snowstorm-season-128025396
Article: The Northeast is getting ready for its first major snowstorm of the season, just as the Midwest is beginning to escape snow and ice that snarled travel after the Thanksgiving holiday PORTLAND, Maine -- The Northeast was getting ready Tuesday for its first major snowstorm of the season, just as the Midwest began to escape snow and ice that snarled travel after the Thanksgiving holiday. The winter blast is set to arrive days after more than 8 inches (20.32 centimeters) of snow fell at Chicago O’Hare International Airport over the weekend, setting a record for the highest single calendar day snowfall in November at the airport, according to the weather service. Snow in the Great Lakes region was tapering off, but the new storm was heading to the mid-Atlantic and Northeast, with up to a foot (30 centimeters) of snow by Tuesday, said National Weather Service meteorologist Andrew Orrison. With plowable snow expected to coat large parts of Pennsylvania, crews began to treat lanes along the 565-mile (909-kilometer) Pennsylvania Turnpike system on Monday, said the agency’s press secretary, Marissa Orbanek. Vehicle restrictions on many interstates in the eastern half of Pennsylvania, including on the turnpike system’s Northeast Extension, from the Lehigh Valley to Clarks Summit, will be imposed at 5 a.m. In Chicago, Don Herrian was among the crowds of travelers at O'Hare on Sunday, hoping to make it back home after Thanksgiving as hundreds of flights were delayed and canceled following a winter storm in the Great Lakes region. “It’s congested, but that’s expected due to the snow, the delays and the holidays.” Roads leading to O'Hare were packed Sunday with slow-moving vehicles, even after the roads had been cleared of snow. Planes were being de-iced at several airports across the country on Sunday, including at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport, according to the Federal Aviation Administration.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/ai-scoring-college-essay-new-era-admissions-128025579
Article: The California Institute of Technology is launching an AI tool this fall to look for “authenticity” in students who submit research projects with their applications, admissions director Ashley Pallie said. The prevalence of AI usage is difficult to gauge because it is such a new trend, said Ruby Bhattacharya, chair of the admission practices committee at the National Association for College Admission Counseling. It urges colleges to ensure the way they use it “aligns with our shared values of transparency, integrity, fairness and respect for student dignity.” The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faced a barrage of negative feedback from applicants, parents and students after its student newspaper, The Daily Tar Heel, reported in January the school was using AI to evaluate the grammar and writing style of applicants' essays. Every application “is evaluated comprehensively by extensively trained human application evaluators.” At Virginia Tech, Espinoza said he has been contacted by several colleges that are interested in the new technology but wary of backlash. Georgia Tech this fall is rolling out an AI tool to review the college transcripts of transfer students, replacing the need for staff to enter each course manually into a database. It will allow the school to inform applicants more quickly how many transfer credits they'll receive, cutting down on uncertainty and wait times, said Richard Clark, the school's executive director of enrollment management. Georgia Tech also is testing out AI tools for other uses, including one that would identify low-income students who are eligible for federal Pell Grants but may not have realized it. Stony Brook University in New York is also using artificial intelligence to review applicants' transcripts and testing AI tools for a variety of tasks, like summarizing student essays and letters of recommendation to highlight things an admissions officer should consider, said Richard Beatty, the school’s senior associate provost for enrollment management. Colleges are interested in AI summaries of transcripts, extracurricular activities and letters of recommendation that tell human readers the students’ story in a more digestible way, said Emily Pacheco, founder of NACAC’s special interest group for AI and admission. Every step along the way can be greatly improved: transcript reading, essay reviews, telling us things we might be missing about the students,” said Pacheco, a former assistant director of admission at Loyola University Chicago.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/india-mandates-pre-installation-government-cyber-safety-app-128025270
Article: India’s telecoms ministry has ordered smartphone manufacturers to install a government-run cybersecurity app on all new devices An Indian government-run cybersecurity app "Sanchar Saathi" is seen on a mobile phone in New Delhi, India, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Manish Swarup) NEW DELHI -- India’s telecoms ministry has directed smartphone manufacturers to pre-install a government-run cybersecurity app on all new devices, according to a government order, raising concerns of data privacy and user consent in one of the largest handset markets in the world. The Ministry of Communications' order issued Monday asked smartphone makers to pre-install the government’s “Sanchar Saathi” app on all new devices within 90 days and to prevent users from deleting it. The ministry said the app, which is available to India’s 1.2 billion smartphone users, was essential in “curbing misuse of telecom resources for cyber frauds and ensuring telecom cyber security.” But privacy advocates say the order marks an effort to erode user privacy and consent. “Once a government app is forcibly pre-installed on our devices, what’s to stop them from pushing future apps that could be used for surveillance?” The “Sanchar Saathi” app, which was released in January, was designed to let users block and track lost or stolen phones and to identify and shut down fraudulent mobile connections. Pahwa said the main concern is that the app’s role could eventually expand, giving authorities greater ability to “access device status.” He said the order also removes user consent as a choice.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/endangered-species-convention-proposes-new-rules-growing-exotic-128025123
Article: Conservationists are hoping to strengthen regulations at a wildlife trade conference on birds, reptiles and other animals that are seeing their numbers decline due to the exotic pet trade FILE -In this May 2, 2020 photo, a marine iguana suns on the edge of a boardwalk in San Cristobal, Galapagos Islands, Ecuador. (AP Photo/Adrian Vasquez, File) A growing exotic pet trade has conservationists calling for stronger regulations to protect the reptiles, birds and other animals in the wild that are increasingly showing up for sale on internet marketplaces and becoming popular on social media. Participants have proposed tighter regulations or complete bans on the trade of several species including iguanas from the Galapagos Islands, more than a dozen species of Latin America tarantulas and an odd-looking turtle from Africa. “They go online and there are thousands of animals, including endangered species, illegally obtained species, all available on the internet.” In the past, the trade was dominated by sales in animal parts like elephant ivory and tiger bones. But Matt Collis, the senior director of international policy at the International Fund for Animal Welfare, said live animals for the pet trade are increasingly turning up on the internet. “In today’s society where pretty much anything can be bought with a click of a button and shipped anywhere in the world in a matter of days, no wildlife is safe.” Social media influencers, who have made owned exotic pets cool, are also contributing to the problem, Collis said. The report found the live pet trade accounted for a growing piece of the trade, with reptiles representing about 60% of the animals, while nearly 30% were birds and more than 10% were amphibians. Among the reptile species up for tighter trade controls is Home’s Hinged-back Tortoise, a critically endangered turtle found in West Africa that has a unique hinge on its back allowing it to close off its back legs and tail. There are proposals to regulate the trade in two vipers species endemic to Ethiopia, two species of rattlesnake found mostly in Mexico, the leaf-tailed gecko from Australia and two species of sloths from South America, which are increasingly turning up in sloth-themed cafes in Asia. A proposal from Ecuador would ban the trade in marine and land iguanas from the Galapagos, which are listed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature as critically endangered or vulnerable. There are concerns that the illegal trade could further destabilize the population, which already faces threats from invasive species, rising tourism and fluctuations in weather associated with the El Nino. A species can be banned for trade in its home range but sold online by traders who abuse the CITES permitting process and captive breeding rules and then take advantage of importing countries that don't bother to check if the animals come from the wild, Collis said. “In theory, under CITES rules, the countries issuing those export permits should be checking that these animals, and crucially their parentage all the way back to the founder stock, were legally acquired in order for an export permit to be granted,” Collis said. “But that is not happening." Countries issue permits without verifying animal origins, which helps traffickers launder animals from illegal sources, “undermining the very framework meant to protect these species,” he said. “When the treaty was drafted in the early 1970s, there wasn't a lot of captive breeding and people thought, 'Well, if they’re bred in captivity, it’ll take pressure off the wild,” she said. “Alarmingly, most of them are not regulated internationally, despite the high availability of hundreds of species in international trade.” The United States Association of Reptile Keepers opposes the tarantula listing, which it called “incongruous” for rolling many species into a single proposal. The association, which advocates for responsible private ownership and trade in reptiles and amphibians, suggested other reptile proposals reflect government overreach, noting the proffered changes to iguana sales are unnecessary since current regulations “provide adequate protection.” “Most species have limited trade in captive bred specimens which is not a threat to wild populations,” David Garcia, the organization's legal counsel and its delegate at the CITES conference, said in a statement. 8, found that the United States was among the biggest markets for the pet trade, importing on average 90 million live amphibians, arachnids, birds, aquarium fish, mammals and reptiles each year.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ais-impact-worsen-gaps-worlds-rich-poor-report-128025674
Article: A new report by the United Nations Development Program is urging governments to focus more on how artificial intelligence technologies might affect people already disadvantaged in a data-driven world FILE - An usher directs an attendee to a seat for a seminar at a convention titled AI Expo in Tokyo, on Aug. (AP Photo/Hiro Komae, File) BANGKOK -- Behind the hoopla over the promise of artificial intelligence lay difficult realities, including how such technology might affect people already disadvantaged in a data-driven world. A new report by the United Nations Development Program notes most of the gains from AI are likely to be reaped by wealthy nations unless steps are taken to use its power to help close gaps in access to basic needs, as well as such advanced know-how. Questions over how companies and other institutions will use AI are a near universal concern given its potential to change or replace some jobs done by people with computers and robots. But while much of the attention devoted to AI focuses on productivity, competitiveness and growth, the more important question is what it will mean for human lives, the authors note. Asian nations including China, Japan, South Korea and Singapore are well placed to take advantage of AI tools, the report notes, while places like Afghanistan, the Maldives and Myanmar lack skills, reliable power and other resources needed to tap into the computing potential of AI. If such gaps are not closed, many millions may be excluded from the kinds of devices, digital payment systems, digital IDs and education and skills that are required to participate fully in the global economy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/ai-scoring-college-essay-new-era-admissions-128025581
Article: The California Institute of Technology is launching an AI tool this fall to look for “authenticity” in students who submit research projects with their applications, admissions director Ashley Pallie said. The prevalence of AI usage is difficult to gauge because it is such a new trend, said Ruby Bhattacharya, chair of the admission practices committee at the National Association for College Admission Counseling. It urges colleges to ensure the way they use it “aligns with our shared values of transparency, integrity, fairness and respect for student dignity.” The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faced a barrage of negative feedback from applicants, parents and students after its student newspaper, The Daily Tar Heel, reported in January the school was using AI to evaluate the grammar and writing style of applicants' essays. Every application “is evaluated comprehensively by extensively trained human application evaluators.” At Virginia Tech, Espinoza said he has been contacted by several colleges that are interested in the new technology but wary of backlash. Georgia Tech this fall is rolling out an AI tool to review the college transcripts of transfer students, replacing the need for staff to enter each course manually into a database. It will allow the school to inform applicants more quickly how many transfer credits they'll receive, cutting down on uncertainty and wait times, said Richard Clark, the school's executive director of enrollment management. Georgia Tech also is testing out AI tools for other uses, including one that would identify low-income students who are eligible for federal Pell Grants but may not have realized it. Stony Brook University in New York is also using artificial intelligence to review applicants' transcripts and testing AI tools for a variety of tasks, like summarizing student essays and letters of recommendation to highlight things an admissions officer should consider, said Richard Beatty, the school’s senior associate provost for enrollment management. Colleges are interested in AI summaries of transcripts, extracurricular activities and letters of recommendation that tell human readers the students’ story in a more digestible way, said Emily Pacheco, founder of NACAC’s special interest group for AI and admission. Every step along the way can be greatly improved: transcript reading, essay reviews, telling us things we might be missing about the students,” said Pacheco, a former assistant director of admission at Loyola University Chicago.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/european-markets-on-decpoint2-2025-stoxx-600-dax-cac-ftse-.html
Article: Visitors shelter from the rain with umbrellas on the Parvis des Droits de l'Homme on Esplanade du Tocadero across from the Eiffel Tower, as remnants of hurricane Kirk cause heavy rainfall over Paris, on October 9, 2024. The U.K.'s FTSE index is expected to open 0.12% lower, Germany's DAX flat, France's CAC 40 down 0.16% and Italy's FTSE MIB just below the flatline, according to data from IG. The Bank of England is also closely monitoring the Fed for any potential spillover effects, Megan Greene, who sits on the Monetary Policy Committee at the Bank of England, told CNBC Monday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crrerl0pw9do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Our daughter died from meningitis after starting uni - a jab would have saved her 55 minutes ago Share Save Leigh Boobyer BBC Wales Share Save Family handout Meg Draper joined the swimming and netball teams and was a popular figure in the student community A popular and sporty teenager who made a "big impression" at her new university died within weeks of starting, after contracting meningitis. Her parents, from Pontypool, Torfaen, and the National Union of Students UK are now calling for a vaccine, or booster, to be made available to young adults on the NHS. The MenB vaccine - the only protection against the bacteria, which makes up 82.6% of the meningitis cases in the UK - is only available on the NHS for young children, as they are seen as the most at risk. ⁠While MenB is described as "rare" in those over four, there is a second, less common peak in teenagers - which has led to calls for older children to be given the vaccine routinely as well. Meg's mum Helen Draper said they would have paid the £220 to have her vaccinated privately "in a heartbeat", adding: "We've spoken to hundreds of people who have reached out and we're yet to find a single person that was aware. "That really scared us because at first we thought we'd dropped the ball, that we'd missed something." Meningitis is the swelling of the meninges, the tissues surrounding the brain and spinal cord, and it is usually caused by a bacterial infection. Inspired by the treatment of an injury she suffered days before trialling for the Wales netball under-17s team, Meg landed what her parents called her "dream" place at Bournemouth University, where she studied physiotherapy. But one night she told her parents she was feeling lethargic - within 24 hours her symptoms, including a fever, headache, vomiting and a rash on her stomach, worsened and she went to hospital. Family handout Mrs Draper (left) said they were "in awe" of Meg who had a "zest for life" Meg had made lots of friends, with her mother adding: "Even at her funeral, they had to coachload them all up from Bournemouth. "To think, she was only there for five weeks, but the amount of friends she had at university - we couldn't get over how impactful she'd been in such a short space of time." What is Meningitis? Over the past year, MenB accounted for 82.6% (313 of 378) of all cases, followed by MenW (43, 11.3%), MenY (13, 3.4%), and MenC (0.8%), according to UK government figures. Family handout The vaccine for the meningitis strain Meg Draper died from is not offered by the NHS as it is "not cost-effective" "We can't bring Meg back but what we can make sure is that her death isn't in vain," said Mrs Draper. Chief executive of charity Meningitis Now Dr Tom Nutt said MenB can be fatal for as many as one in 10 people affected, adding "when it strikes it can kill within 24 hours".

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5628200/plea-son-drug-kingpin-el-chapo-sinaloa-capo
Article: Plea deal with son of drug kingpin 'El Chapo' details abduction of legendary Sinaloa capo toggle caption US Department of State/AP MEXICO CITY (AP) — Armed men entered through a window to ambush Ismael "El Mayo" Zambada, the most elusive of the Sinaloa cartel's leaders, who was then loaded onto a plane, drugged and spirited across the border to the United States, according to details revealed Monday in the plea hearing of the drug trafficker who abducted him. Joaquín Guzmán López, the 39-year-old son of former Sinaloa cartel kingpin Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, pleaded guilty to two counts of drug trafficking and continuing criminal enterprise in federal court in ChicagoJoaquín Guzmán López, the 39-year-old son of former Sinaloa cartel kingpin Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, pleaded guilty to two counts of drug trafficking and continuing criminal enterprise in federal court in Chicago after admitting his role in overseeing the transport of tens of thousands of kilograms (pounds) of drugs to the U.S. The plea agreement did not name Zambada, but in the days after his arrest, one of his lawyers shared a letter from him that explained he had been called to a meeting with Guzmán López and there he had been abducted. Sponsor Message Erskine described the alleged kidnapping in court, saying Guzmán López had the glass from a floor-to-ceiling window removed from a room ahead of the meeting with the unnamed person. Zambada in his letter said Guzmán López had called him to a meeting on the outskirts of Sinaloa state's capital, Culiacan, along with some local politicians, one of whom was later found dead. The arrests set off a bloody fight in Sinaloa among their respective cartel factions for control of the business, violence that López Obrador's successor President Claudia Sheinbaum is still dealing with. Sponsor Message Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán is serving a life sentence after being convicted in 2019 for his role as the former leader of the Sinaloa cartel, having smuggled mountains of cocaine and other drugs into the United States over 25 years.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/g-s1-100045/travelers-without-real-id-charged-fee
Article: Obtaining the ID — indicated by a white star in a yellow circle in most states — means taking more documents to the motor vehicle agency than most states require for regular IDs. 1, travelers 18 and older flying domestically without a REAL ID and who don't have another accepted form of ID on them, such as a passport, will pay the non-refundable fee to verify their identity through TSA's alternative "Confirm.ID" system. The TSA initially proposed an $18 charge for passengers without a REAL ID, but officials said Monday they raised it after realizing the alternative identification program would cost more than anticipated.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ais-impact-worsen-gaps-worlds-rich-poor-report-128025672
Article: A new report by the United Nations Development Program is urging governments to focus more on how artificial intelligence technologies might affect people already disadvantaged in a data-driven world FILE - An usher directs an attendee to a seat for a seminar at a convention titled AI Expo in Tokyo, on Aug. (AP Photo/Hiro Komae, File) BANGKOK -- Behind the hoopla over the promise of artificial intelligence lay difficult realities, including how such technology might affect people already disadvantaged in a data-driven world. A new report by the United Nations Development Program notes most of the gains from AI are likely to be reaped by wealthy nations unless steps are taken to use its power to help close gaps in access to basic needs, as well as such advanced know-how. Questions over how companies and other institutions will use AI are a near universal concern given its potential to change or replace some jobs done by people with computers and robots. But while much of the attention devoted to AI focuses on productivity, competitiveness and growth, the more important question is what it will mean for human lives, the authors note. Asian nations including China, Japan, South Korea and Singapore are well placed to take advantage of AI tools, the report notes, while places like Afghanistan, the Maldives and Myanmar lack skills, reliable power and other resources needed to tap into the computing potential of AI. If such gaps are not closed, many millions may be excluded from the kinds of devices, digital payment systems, digital IDs and education and skills that are required to participate fully in the global economy.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/colombia-expels-members-ultra-orthodox-jewish-sect-lev-128024233
Article: Colombia says it sent 26 members of the ultra-Orthodox Jewish sect Lev Tahor to the United States after determining that the rights of some of the children in the group were at risk BOGOTA, Colombia -- Colombia said Monday it sent 26 members of the ultra-Orthodox Jewish sect Lev Tahor to the United States after determining that the rights of some of the children in the group were at risk. Immigration officials said that while all of the children in the group were accompanied by at least one parent, there were five children with American and Guatemalan passports for whom Interpol yellow notices had been issued. Colombia's national immigration agency said the group spent the past week in one of the agency's buildings in Medellin, where the children were provided with support from Colombia's National Institute for Family Welfare. Last year, police in Guatemala raided a Lev Tahor compound in the Central American country, following reports of sexual abuse, taking at least 160 minors and 40 women into protective custody. Gloria Eperanza Arriero, the director of Colombia's national immigration agency, said last week that officials decided to question Lev Tahor members after getting a tip from locals about their presence in the town of Yarumal.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/ukrainian-troops-front-doubt-proposed-pact-russia-bring-128025213
Article: Ukrainian troops fighting in eastern Ukraine are expressing doubts that a peace proposal currently being negotiated will prevent Russia from attacking their country again Ukrainian troops near the front doubt the proposed pact with Russia will bring lasting peace By ISOBEL KOSHIW Associated Press , VASILISA STEPANENKO Associated Press , and EVGENIY MALOLETKA Associated Press A Ukrainian serviceman of the Da Vinci Wolves Battalion carries an artillery shell before firing toward Russian positions at the front line in eastern Ukraine, on Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Evgeniy Maloletka) A Ukrainian serviceman of the Da Vinci Wolves Battalion carries an artillery shell before firing toward Russian positions at the front line in eastern Ukraine, on Friday, Nov. (AP Photo/Evgeniy Maloletka) DNIPROPETROVSK REGION, Ukraine -- Moving between damp basements and muddy dugouts to fend off constant Russian attacks in the nearly 4-year-old war, exhausted Ukrainian soldiers say their motivation is fortified by knowing they're fighting for higher cause: the defense of their homeland. But as negotiators try to hammer out a peace deal, the troops also believe that Russia remains determined to conquer Ukraine — either now, or with a fresh army in a few years' time — no matter what kind of agreement is reached. “The Armed Forces of Ukraine are now the main barrier between peaceful civilian life of Ukrainians and our bad neighbor,” said a 40-year-old artillery gunner who spoke to The Associated Press near the border between the Dnipropetrovsk and Donetsk regions. “This truce will be short-term, to restore Russia’s forces — for some three or five years — and they will come back,” said the former furniture salesman from Kyiv as the sound of booming artillery reverberated around him. "I don’t believe there can be peace before Russia is destroyed, or at least the leadership is changed.” Filimonov described how Russian troops had briefly entered the eastern town of Pokrovsk, a key logistics hub in the Donetsk region, but were pushed out. The Kremlin on Monday boasted that Russian troops captured the city after more than a year of fighting, but Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said in Paris that fighting was still ongoing. “All it takes is for one Ukrainian brigade to really struggle, and then Russia can advance." Taras Chmut, a Ukrainian military expert and fundraiser, told public broadcaster Suspilne on Friday that many battalions on the front are made up of only 20 fighters, instead of the usual 400-800. Even though Ukraine may be mobilizing up to 30,000 recruits per month, many of them find a way out of serving or prove to be unfit to replace front-line troops. Nevertheless, Ukrainian forces are managing to hold their ground in places like Pokrovsk, as well as in Kupiansk and Vovchansk in the Kharkiv region — two sites on the front that Russia has been trying to capture for over a year, said Yurii Fedorenko commander of the Achilles UAV Brigade that is fighting in the area. Russia has poured tens of thousands of soldiers at the towns, he said, noting that its failure to capture them "testifies to the high motivation and resilience of the Ukrainian army.” Russian President Vladimir Putin said last week the fighting won’t stop unless Ukraine withdraws troops from the regions of Donetsk, Luhansk, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson — the four provinces Moscow illegally annexed in September 2022. Lee, who regularly visits the front, said Russia is advancing at a faster pace in 2025 than the previous year, but it is not a given that Moscow would capture the remaining third of the Donetsk region in 2026. “Wherever Russia advances, Ukraine kind of prioritizes defenses (and) they can hold for a long time, but (then) Russia advanced in other directions,” Lee said, describing Moscow's progress through Donetsk by simultaneously pushing in multiple directions. From his muddy trench, Kelt ridiculed the proposal to reduce the size of Ukraine's military, saying it was tantamount to making it easier for Russia “to kill you" later rather than now. The European Union allocated $50 billion in aid from 2024 to 2027 as part of the Ukraine Facility Program, but Kyiv will need $83.4 billion for the military and $52 billion for the rest of the state expenditures for 2026 and 2027, said Glib Buriak, associate professor of economics at the Ukrainian-American Concordia University.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/nvidia-shift-ai-chip-shortages-threatening-to-hike-gadget-prices.html
Article: Wang Gang | Feature China | Future Publishing | Getty Images The cost of your smartphone might rise, analysts are warning, as the AI boom clogs up supply chains and a recent change by Nvidia to its products could make it worse. "We see the rapid increase in demand for AI in data centers driving bottlenecks in many areas," Peter Hanbury, partner in the technology practice at Bain & Company, told CNBC. Wu, whose company is building its own AI infrastructure and designs its own chips, said last week that there are shortages across semiconductor manufacturers, memory chips and storage devices like hard drives. "There is a situation of undersupply," Wu said, adding that the "supply side is going to be a relatively large bottleneck." He added this could last two to three years. "DRAM is certainly a bottleneck as AI investments continue to feed the imbalance between demand and supply with HBM for AI being prioritized by chipmakers," MS Hwang, research director at Counterpoint Research, told CNBC. And it's an industry that's known to be risk-averse and did not add the capacity necessary to meet the projections provided by key industry players, Bain & Co.'s Hanbur said. Now, the suppliers need to add capacity quickly but as we know, it takes 2-3 years to add semiconductor manufacturing fabs." Nvidia at the center A lot of attention is on Nvidia given it dominates when it comes to the chips that are being put into AI data centers. "We also see a bigger risk on the horizon is with advanced memory as Nvidia's recent pivot to LPDDR means they're a customer on the scale of a major smartphone maker — a seismic shift for the supply chain which can't easily absorb this scale of demand," Hwang from Counterpoint Research said. watch now On top of this, there is now demand from players involved in AI data centers like Nvidia, for components that would have typically been used for consumer devices such as LPDDR which adds more demand to a supply constrained market. If electronics firms can't get their hands on the components needed for their devices because they're in short supply or going toward AI data centers, then there could be shortages of the world's most popular gadgets. Jeff Clark, chief operating officer at Dell , this month said the price rises of components is "unprecedented." "We have not seen costs move at the rate that we've seen," Clark said on an earnings call, adding that the pressure is seen across various types of memory chips and storage hard drives.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/putin-witkoff-prepare-meet-white-house-optimistic/story?id=128025858
Article: officials -- including President Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner and Secretary of State Marco Rubio -- met on Sunday in Florida with a Ukrainian delegation to find a deal to end the war that Ukraine and Russia might accept. In this pool photograph distributed by the Russian state agency Sputnik, Russia's President Vladimir Putin attends a meeting with Russia's prison service head at the Kremlin in Moscow on Dec. The Russian leader has already signaled he will not compromise, last week making hardline remarks where he repeated his demands that Ukraine withdraw from territory he claims and saying it is "pointless" to negotiate with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Alexander Kazakov and Mandel Ngan/POOL/AFP via Getty Images Putin on Monday claimed without evidence that Russian forces had taken control of two Ukrainian cities where intense fighting has been happening for weeks in the eastern part of the country, a move intended perhaps to burnish the perception of Russia's leading position on the battlefield. And it is important that all partners who can genuinely help do so." As Zelenskyy pushed for European unity against Russian aggression, members of his delegation in Florida were sending updates on what was being discussed. Clodagh Kilcoyne/AP Zelenskyy on Monday also said he, Macron and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer had again been briefed by Witkoff and the head of the Kyiv delegation, Rustem Umerov, the secretary of Ukraine’s National Security and Defense Council.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/luigi-mangione-due-court-fight-continues-evidence-unitedhealthcare-128024773
Article: Luigi Mangione is due back in court for the second day of a hearing in his bid to bar New York prosecutors from using evidence that they say links him to last year’s killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson NEW YORK -- Luigi Mangione is due back in court on Tuesday for the second day of a hearing in his bid to bar New York prosecutors from using evidence that they say links him to last year’s killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. Mangione, 27, gripped a pen in his right hand, making a fist at times, as prosecutors played the audio of a 911 call from a McDonald’s manager relaying concerns from customers that Mangione looked like the suspect in Thompson’s death. Mangione’s lawyers are asking Judge Gregory Carro to block prosecutors from showing or telling jurors about items seized from his backpack during his arrest, including a 9 mm handgun that prosecutors say matches the one used in the killing and a notebook in which they say Mangione described his intent to “wack” a health insurance executive. They also want to suppress some statements Mangione made to law enforcement personnel, such as allegedly giving a false name, because officers started asking questions before telling him he had a right to remain silent. Five witnesses testified on Monday, including a Pennsylvania prison officer who said Mangione told him that at the time of his arrest he had a backpack with foreign currency and a 3D-printed pistol. Another prison officer said his superintendent told him Mangione was being held under constant watch because the facility “did not want an Epstein-style situation,” referring to Jeffrey Epstein’s 2019 jail suicide. Mangione was arrested as he ate breakfast at a McDonald’s in Altoona, Pennsylvania, about 230 miles (about 370 kilometers) west of Manhattan after the restaurant’s manager told a 911 dispatcher, “I have a customer here that some other customers were suspicious of — that he looks like the CEO shooter from New York.” The manager told the dispatcher that she searched online for photos of the suspect that police disseminated. But, as Mangione sat in the restaurant, she said she could only see his eyebrows because he had a beanie pulled down close to his eyes and was wearing a medical face mask. One wore a green T-shirt that said: “Without a warrant, it’s not a search, it’s a violation.” Another woman held a doll of the Luigi video game character and had a smaller figurine of him clipped to her purse.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/list-mass-killings-united-states-year-128025402
Article: The latest mass killing in the United States occurred Saturday when three children ages 8, 9 and 14, and an adult were killed in a shooting at a child’s birthday party in California The latest mass killing in the United States occurred Saturday night when three children ages 8, 9 and 14, and a 21-year-old adult were killed in a shooting at a child’s birthday party in California. mass killings, which are defined as cases in which four or more people die within a 24-hour period, not including the killer — the same definition used by the FBI. Authorities have not disclosed a possible motive for the shooting in Leland, but the FBI says it may have been “sparked by a disagreement among several individuals.” At least nine people have been arrested, several of them charged with capital murder. TIPTONVILLE, TENNESSEE, July 29 The parents, grandmother and uncle of an infant found abandoned in a front yard were shot in a wooded area about 40 miles (65 kilometers) away. PERRY, GEORGIA, April 4 Three adults, ages 82, 51 and 37, and a 2-year-old child found dead in a mobile home in Perry, a rural city about 30 miles (48 kilometers) south of Macon. HALLANDALE BEACH, FLORIDA: March 26 A man fatally shot his estranged girlfriend and three of her children before turning the gun on himself at a south Florida residence, according to local reports. 21 The deaths of a mother and her three daughters, ages 4, 6 and 7, found fatally shot at a home in Lake Station, about 34 miles (55 kilometers) southeast of Chicago, were ruled homicides, according to local reports.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/mass-killings-2025-hit-lowest-level-2006-128024808
Article: Seventeen mass killings have occurred this year in the U.S., the lowest since 2006 A shooting last weekend at a children’s birthday party in California that left four dead was the 17th mass killing this year — the lowest number recorded since 2006, according to a database maintained by The Associated Press and USA Today in partnership with Northeastern University. The current drop in numbers is more likely what statisticians call a “regression to the mean,” he said, representing a return to more average crime levels after an unusual spike in mass killings in 2018 and 2019. What goes down must also go back up.” The mass killings — defined as incidents in which four or more people are killed in a 24-hour period, not including the killer — are tracked in a database maintained by The Associated Press and USA Today in partnership with Northeastern University. “Because there's only a few dozen mass killings in a year, a small change could look like a wave or a collapse,” when really it's just a return to more typical levels, Densley said. “2025 looks really good in historical context, but we can't pretend like that means the problem is gone for good.” But there are some things that might be contributing to the drop, Densley said, including an overall decline in homicide and violent crime rates, which peaked during the COVID-19 pandemic. “We had the horrible Annunciation School shooting here in Minnesota back in August, and that case wouldn't even fit the mass killing definition because there were only two people killed but over 20 injured,” Densley said. “But I happen to know from the response on the ground here, that the reason only two people were killed is because of the bleeding control and trauma response by the first responders. And it happened on the doorsteps of some of the best children's hospitals in the country.” Crime is complex, and academics are not great at assessing the reasons behind crime rate changes, said Eric Madfis, a professor of criminal justice at University of Washington-Tacoma. “It is true that gun violence and gun violence deaths are down, but we still have exceedingly high rates and numbers of mass shootings compared to anywhere else in the world." More states are dedicating funding to school threat assessments, with 22 states mandating the practice in recent years, Madfis said, and that could be preventing some school shootings, though it wouldn't have an impact on mass killings elsewhere. Christopher Carita, a former detective with the Fort Lauderdale Police Department and a senior training specialist with gun safety organization 97Percent, said the Safer Communities Act passed in 2022 included millions of dollars of funding for gun violence protection programs. “I feel like for the first time, we're looking at gun violence as a 'both, and' problem nationally.” Focusing on extreme events like mass killings runs the risk of “missing the forest for the trees,” said Emma Fridel, an assistant professor of criminology at Florida State University.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/settler-outposts-spread-west-bank-villages-fuel-fear-128026039
Article: Palestinians in the West Bank are living in fear of more attacks by armed Israeli settlers An Israeli settler gestures as Israeli soldiers block access for Palestinians to an area for harvesting olives in the West Bank village of Sa'ir, near Hebron, Thursday, Oct. (AP Photo/Leo Correa) An Israeli settler gestures as Israeli soldiers block access for Palestinians to an area for harvesting olives in the West Bank village of Sa'ir, near Hebron, Thursday, Oct. They ambush people and beat them up severely.” In recent months, Alkam says Turmus Ayya has weathered near-daily attacks by settlers, especially after they set up an outpost that the anti-settlement watchdog group Peace Now says is on his village’s land. During October's olive harvest, settlers across the territory launched an average of eight attacks daily, according to the United Nations humanitarian office, the most since it began collecting data in 2006. According to an article about Dahari on the group's website, he has received at least 18 administrative orders since 2016 that included house arrest and confinement to his town in Israel. Their sense of impunity has deepened under Israel's far-right National Security Minister Itamar Ben-Gvir, a settler, and Defense Minister Israel Katz, who in January released settlers from administrative detention, Israel’s practice of detaining individuals without charge or trial. The number of investigations opened into settler violence since 2023, Ben-Gvir's first year in office, has plummeted, according to a report by Israel's Channel 12 TV that cited official police data. We will continue to build it and make it flourish everywhere,” he said, adding that he hoped “the security establishment” would “invest all its resources in the war against the Arab enemy, who is the real enemy of us all.” When reached by the AP, Dahari’s lawyer, Daniel Shimshilashvili, sent a statement from Honenu, saying there was “slim evidence” against Dahari. The villagers from Turmus Ayya say it's not enough to arrest one settler — the threat of violence is reinforced by the outpost in the nearby valley called Emek Shilo. In response to questions from the AP, Melet said he was a “peace activist.” “Any claim against me that I am active or connected to violence or terrorism or any illegal action is a lie and a falsehood!” he wrote.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pope-wrap-lebanon-visit-silent-prayer-site-2020-128024388
Article: Pope Leo XIV is wrapping up his trip to Lebanon, including a silent prayer at the site of the 2020 Beirut port explosion Pope to wrap up Lebanon visit with silent prayer at site of 2020 port explosion Pope Leo XIV arrives for a meeting with young people in the Square in front of the Maronite Patriarchate of Antioch in Bkerke, Lebanon, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Domenico Stinellis) BEIRUT, Lebanon -- BEIRUT, Lebanon (AP) — Pope Leo XIV was set to wrap up his visit to Lebanon on Tuesday with a visit to a hospital and later the site of a deadly 2020 Beirut port explosion that has become a symbol of Lebanon's dysfunction and scars. Leo was also expected to meet with relatives of some of the 218 people killed by the blast, which tore through Beirut and did billions of dollars in damage after hundreds of tons of ammonium nitrate detonated in a warehouse. No official has been convicted in a judicial investigation that has been repeatedly obstructed, angering Lebanese for whom the blast was just the latest crisis after decades of corruption and financial crimes. We want to live in comfort.” Leo sought to bring a message of peace to Lebanon as it copes with crises, the aftermath of Hezbollah's devastating war with Israel and the fallout from the port blast. She has been among the family and loved ones of some of the 218 people killed who have advocated to finalize the investigation that implicated a long list of political, security and judicial officials. They were killed because someone kept (ammonium) nitrate in the main port of the city near a residential area.” Khoury said the pope’s prayer and support would bring some relief, but said she would not give up on her pursuit for justice. “But I think it will give some sort of relaxation of this anger that is in my heart until justice is served.” ___ Associated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/1200-dead-floods-indonesia-sri-lanka-thailand-rescue-128026300
Article: Emergency crews are racing to reach survivors and recover more bodies Tuesday in Indonesia, Sri Lanka and Thailand More than 1,200 dead from floods in Indonesia, Sri Lanka and Thailand as rescue efforts intensify By BINSAR BAKKARA Associated Press and NINIEK KARMINI Associated Press Rescuers use ropes to evacuate the body of a flood victim in Tanah Datar, West Sumatra, Indonesia, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Nazar Chaniago) BATANG TORU, Indonesia -- Emergency crews raced to reach survivors and recover more bodies Tuesday after the death toll from last week’s catastrophic floods and landslides surged past 1,200 in Indonesia, Sri Lanka and Thailand, with more than 800 people missing. Military-led rescue teams in Sri Lanka continue to scour devastated areas for 352 people still missing in floods and landslides triggered by Cyclone Ditwah, the Disaster Management Center said Tuesday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/plea-deal-son-drug-kingpin-el-chapo-details-128023187
Article: prosecutors revealed details of the abduction of Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada, a leader of the Sinaloa cartel MEXICO CITY -- Armed men entered through a window to ambush Ismael “El Mayo” Zambada, the most elusive of the Sinaloa cartel’s leaders, who was then loaded onto a plane, drugged and spirited across the border to the United States, according to details revealed Monday in the plea hearing of the drug trafficker who abducted him. Joaquín Guzmán López, the 39-year-old son of former Sinaloa cartel kingpin Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán, pleaded guilty to two counts of drug trafficking and continuing criminal enterprise in federal court in Chicago after admitting his role in overseeing the transport of tens of thousands of kilograms (pounds) of drugs to the U.S. The plea agreement did not name Zambada, but in the days after his arrest, one of his lawyers shared a letter from him that explained he had been called to a meeting with Guzmán López and there he had been abducted. Zambada in his letter said Guzmán López had called him to a meeting on the outskirts of Sinaloa state’s capital, Culiacan, along with some local politicians, one of whom was later found dead. The arrests set off a bloody fight in Sinaloa among their respective cartel factions for control of the business, violence that López Obrador’s successor President Claudia Sheinbaum is still dealing with. Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán is serving a life sentence after being convicted in 2019 for his role as the former leader of the Sinaloa cartel, having smuggled mountains of cocaine and other drugs into the United States over 25 years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/india-mandates-pre-installation-government-cyber-safety-app-128025254
Article: India’s telecoms ministry has ordered smartphone manufacturers to install a government-run cybersecurity app on all new devices An Indian government-run cybersecurity app "Sanchar Saathi" is seen on a mobile phone in New Delhi, India, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Manish Swarup) NEW DELHI -- India’s telecoms ministry has directed smartphone manufacturers to pre-install a government-run cybersecurity app on all new devices, according to a government order, raising concerns of data privacy and user consent in one of the largest handset markets in the world. The Ministry of Communications' order issued Monday asked smartphone makers to pre-install the government’s “Sanchar Saathi” app on all new devices within 90 days and to prevent users from deleting it. The ministry said the app, which is available to India’s 1.2 billion smartphone users, was essential in “curbing misuse of telecom resources for cyber frauds and ensuring telecom cyber security.” But privacy advocates say the order marks an effort to erode user privacy and consent. “Once a government app is forcibly pre-installed on our devices, what’s to stop them from pushing future apps that could be used for surveillance?” The “Sanchar Saathi” app, which was released in January, was designed to let users block and track lost or stolen phones and to identify and shut down fraudulent mobile connections. Pahwa said the main concern is that the app’s role could eventually expand, giving authorities greater ability to “access device status.” He said the order also removes user consent as a choice.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/tennessee-voters-make-final-call-house-special-election-128025121
Article: President Donald Trump and Republicans are hoping to recover from recent losses as Tennessee voters choose a representative for the conservative 7th Congressional District on Tuesday Republican congressional candidate Matt Van Epps, center, and his wife Meg Wrather, left, greet a poll worker after casting their ballots at an early voting site in the special election for the seventh district, Wednesday, Nov. (AP Photo/George Walker IV) Republican congressional candidate Matt Van Epps, center, and his wife Meg Wrather, left, greet a poll worker after casting their ballots at an early voting site in the special election for the seventh district, Wednesday, Nov. -- President Donald Trump and Republicans will try to bounce back from recent losses around the country when Tennessee voters choose the next representative for the reliably conservative 7th U.S. Only about 1 in 5 of its registered voters are in Nashville, and last year it went to Green by 21 percentage points and to Trump by a similar margin. Republicans remain confident that they can defend the seat, and they hope to dismiss Democratic claims that even red districts are now in play as Trump struggles with low approval ratings and persistent economic dissatisfaction. Trump held a virtual rally in November with Van Epps, a former state general services commissioner from Nashville who previously served as an Army helicopter pilot, to boost his candidacy. Van Epps originally opposed a House vote to force the Justice Department to disclose more Epstein documents but changed his stance to mirror Trump after the president backed the measure.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/federal-review-finds-44-us-trucking-schools-comply-128022586
Article: Nearly 44% of the 16,000 truck driving programs listed nationwide by the government may be forced to close if they lose their students after a review by the federal Transportation Department found they may not be complying with government requirements FILE - A student driver gets on a truck as the instructor watches in Calif., Nov. Hong, File) Nearly 44% of the 16,000 truck driving programs listed nationwide by the government may be forced to close if they lose their students after a review by the federal Transportation Department found they may not be complying with minimum requirements. Separately, the Department of Homeland Security is auditing trucking firms in California owned by immigrants to verify the status of their drivers and whether they are qualified to hold a commercial driver’s license. Duffy has threatened to pull federal funding from California and Pennsylvania over the issue, and he proposed significant new restrictions on which immigrants can get a commercial driver's license but a court put those new rules on hold. On Monday, he threatened to withhold $30.4 million from Minnesota if that state doesn't address shortcomings in its commercial driver's license program and revoke any licenses that never should have been issued either because they were valid beyond a driver's work permit or because the state never verified a driver's immigration status. So far, every state Duffy has threatened has been a Democratic state, but he has said the department is auditing a number of other states, including Texas and South Dakota. Tim Walz, said: “We take safety on our roads seriously and the Minnesota Department of Public Safety has already worked to ensure we are in compliance with federal law.” It's not clear how action against these trucking schools could affect the existing shortage of drivers, but the executive director of the largest association of trucking schools, Andrew Poliakoff, said many of the schools being decertified were questionable “CDL mills” that would advertise being able to train drivers in just a few days. “We are focused on solutions and resolute on seeing them implemented.” Todd Spencer, President of the Owner Operator Independent Drivers Association, said the industry has long warned about the potential for problems if trucking schools are allowed to certify themselves. Truck drivers of the Sikh faith have been caught in the crossfire and faced harassment because the drivers in the Florida crash and another deadly crash in California this fall were both Sikhs. The Department of Homeland Security didn't respond immediately to questions about the effort to verify the immigration status of truck drivers, but the UNITED SIKHS advocacy group said they have heard directly from Punjabi company owners about these aggressive audits of immigration records. Any policy built on fear instead of facts endangers families, civil rights, and the national supply chain.” California moved to revoke 17,000 commercial driver's licenses after federal officials raised concerns that they had been issued improperly to immigrants or allowed to remain valid long after a driver's work permit expired.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/asian-shares-advance-after-retreat-wall-street-128024297
Article: Tokyo's Nikkei 225 gained 0.5% to 49,534.36, with financial shares the biggest gainers after the governor of the central bank hinted at a possible hike to interest rates this month. “The prospect of the Bank of Japan resuming its hiking cycle a bit sooner than previously thought has sent tremors through global bond and equity markets this week, but we suspect they could nonetheless weather further tightening,” Thomas Mathews of Capital Markets said in a commentary. The European aerospace giant said Monday that most of its fleet of 6,000 A320 passenger jets have received an update after a weekend software glitch that could have affected flight controls.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/india-mandates-pre-installation-government-cyber-safety-app-128025280
Article: India’s telecoms ministry has ordered smartphone manufacturers to install a government-run cybersecurity app on all new devices An Indian government-run cybersecurity app "Sanchar Saathi" is seen on a mobile phone in New Delhi, India, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Manish Swarup) NEW DELHI -- India’s telecoms ministry has directed smartphone manufacturers to pre-install a government-run cybersecurity app on all new devices, according to a government order, raising concerns of data privacy and user consent in one of the largest handset markets in the world. The Ministry of Communications' order issued Monday asked smartphone makers to pre-install the government’s “Sanchar Saathi” app on all new devices within 90 days and to prevent users from deleting it. The ministry said the app, which is available to India’s 1.2 billion smartphone users, was essential in “curbing misuse of telecom resources for cyber frauds and ensuring telecom cyber security.” But privacy advocates say the order marks an effort to erode user privacy and consent. “Once a government app is forcibly pre-installed on our devices, what’s to stop them from pushing future apps that could be used for surveillance?” The “Sanchar Saathi” app, which was released in January, was designed to let users block and track lost or stolen phones and to identify and shut down fraudulent mobile connections. Pahwa said the main concern is that the app’s role could eventually expand, giving authorities greater ability to “access device status.” He said the order also removes user consent as a choice.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russian-tanker-attacked-black-sea-turkish-authority-128026587
Article: The Turkish maritime authority reports a tanker carrying sunflower oil from Russia to Georgia was attacked in the Black Sea A third Russian tanker attacked in the Black Sea, Turkish authority says FILE - An oil tanker is moored at the Sheskharis oil and petroleum complex on the Black Sea port of Novorossiysk, Russia, Oct. (AP Photo, File) ANKARA, Turkey -- A tanker carrying sunflower oil from Russia to Georgia was attacked in the Black Sea, the Turkish maritime authority said Tuesday, days after two Russian “shadow fleet” oil tankers were attacked by Ukrainian naval drones. On Monday, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke out against Ukraine’s drone attack on two Russian vessels, the Kairos and Virat, saying it signaled a “worrying escalation” of the conflict. The OpenSanctions database, which tracks people or organizations involved in sanctions evasion, describes the vessels as part of a fleet of ships used to evade sanctions imposed on Russia following its 2022 invasion of Ukraine.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/battle-after-jafar-panahi-win-big-gotham-awards-128023365
Article: Paul Thomas Anderson’s “One Battle After Another” was crowned best feature film and the dissident Iranian director Jafar Panahi won three awards Monday at the 35th annual Gotham Awards, a starry kickoff to the film industry’s awards season 'One Battle After Another' and Jafar Panahi win big at Gotham Awards Maya Rudolph, left, and Paul Thomas Anderson attend The Gotham Film Awards at Cipriani Wall Street on Monday, Dec. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) NEW YORK -- Paul Thomas Anderson’s “One Battle After Another” was crowned best feature film and the dissident Iranian director Jafar Panahi won three awards Monday at the 35th annual Gotham Awards, a starry kickoff to the film industry’s awards season. But the black-tie affair, held at Cipriani Wall Street in downtown Manhattan, is known for celebrating smaller films while also dishing out generous helpings of tribute awards to Oscar hopefuls. Past winners include indies like “Past Lives,” “Everything Everywhere All at Once” and the surprise 2024 winner, “A Different Man.” “I remember when the Gotham Awards were for low-budget movies,” joked Adam Sandler, presenting a tribute to Noah Baumbach. “Let’s go home or let’s go to a bar somewhere or something.” While the Gothams help the industry get into the swing of awards season, they're quirkier than bigger-name ceremonies. Best lead performance went to Sopé Dìrísù for the British-Nigerian drama “My Father’s Shadow.” His award was accepted by the film’s director, Akinola Davies Jr., who also won for breakthrough director. Best supporting performance went to Wunmi Mosaku of “Sinners,” a victory that came over nominees such as Teyana Taylor (“One Battle After Another”), Stellan Skarsgård (“Sentimental Value”) and Jacob Elordi (“Frankenstein”). “Filmmakers who keep the camera rolling in silence without support and, at times, risking everything they have, only with their faith in truth and humanity.” Other winners Monday included Harry Lighton (“Pillion”) for adapted screenplay; Abou Sangaré (“Souleymane’s Story”) for breakthrough performer; and Julia Loktev’s “My Undesirable Friends: Part 1 — Last Air in Moscow” for best documentary. Among the tribute honorees were: Guillermo del Toro’s “Frankenstein,” Scott Cooper’s “Springsteen: Deliver Me From Nowhere”; “Hedda” star Tessa Thompson; “Jay Kelly” director Noah Baumbach; the cast of “Sinners”; Luca Guadagnino and Julia Roberts of “After the Hunt”; and “Song Sung Blue” stars Hugh Jackman and Kate Hudson.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/hong-kong-leader-orders-independent-investigation-into-fire-that-killed-151?traffic_source=rss
Article: Hong Kong’s leader said an independent committee will be established to investigate the cause of the city’s deadliest fire in decades, which killed at least 151 people and left almost 80 injured. John Lee, the chief executive of the Chinese-administered region, pledged on Tuesday to overcome vested interests and pursue accountability for the fire, which ripped through seven tower blocks in the Wang Fuk Court housing complex where more than 4,600 people lived in the city’s Tai Po district. “In order to avoid similar tragedies again, I will set up a judge-led independent committee to examine the reason behind the cause and rapid spreading (of the fire) and related issues,” Lee told reporters. Residents told of ‘relatively low fire risks’ Investigators have completed their search and examination of all but two of the seven burned-out towers, finding bodies of residents in stairwells and on rooftops, trapped as they tried to flee the flames. Hong Kong police have arrested 13 people for suspected manslaughter in a growing criminal investigation into the fire, while an anticorruption body has arrested 12 people in probes related to the tragedy. Residents of Wang Fuk Court were told by authorities last year that they faced “relatively low fire risks” after complaining about fire hazards posed by the renovations, the city’s Labour Department said, including about the potential flammability of the mesh that contractors used to cover the scaffolding. Hong Kong student Miles Kwan, 24, part of a group that launched a petition demanding an independent probe into possible corruption and a review of construction oversight over a deadly fire at the Wang Fuk Court housing complex, left a police station in a taxi on Monday. https://t.co/dcSK6GIbma pic.twitter.com/5E2qNKumDA — Jessie Pang (@JessiePang0125) December 1, 2025 Asked about the arrests of people demanding action, Lee said he would “not tolerate any crimes, particularly crimes that exploit the tragedy that we have been facing now”. “Now is the time for the Hong Kong authorities to transparently investigate the causes of the devastating fire … rather than silencing those who ask legitimate questions,” Amnesty International said. China’s national security office issued a statement warning those who would use the disaster to “plunge Hong Kong back into the chaos” of 2019 – when huge pro-democracy protests challenged Beijing and triggered a political crisis.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c0r9zllrp7ko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: - Chris McLaren team principal Andrea Stella reiterated after Qatar - as he has done umpteen times this season - McLaren's policy of fairness to both drivers, and their determination to give both the chance to pursue their goals. We have seen before in the history of Formula 1 that when you have this kind of situation, sometimes it's the third one (in the championship going into the final race) that actually wins. "We will let the drivers be in condition to race each other, but above all, what's important for us is that we are in condition to beat Verstappen with one of our two drivers." McLaren want to be fair to both drivers, but they also want to ensure one of their drivers wins the title. At the same time, it's worth bearing in mind that Piastri winning the race could help Norris win the title, because in that scenario, Norris would need to finish only fifth, even if Verstappen was second. Had they finished in that order, and the rest of the places stayed the same, Lewis Hamilton would have taken the title for McLaren, tied on points with team-mate Fernando Alonso, but winning on results countback.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/avatar-fire-ash-stars-zoe-saldana-sigourney-weaver-james-cameron-attend-la-premiere/18239020/
Article: 'Avatar: Fire and Ash' has star-studded world premiere in Hollywood Zoe Saldaña, Sam Worthington, Sigourney Weaver and James Cameron were among the stars at the "Avatar: Fire and Ash" premiere in Hollywood. The third film in the "Avatar" blockbuster franchise features familiar characters - Jake Sully (Worthington), Neytiri (Saldaña), Kiri (Weaver) - along with some new ones, such as the villainous Varang, played by Oona Chaplin. "We are all in Pandora trying to tell an amazing story." Worthington noted that audiences are familiar with the characters and story, but Cameron "ramps it up." When asked if he's able to watch the film as a regular moviegoer, Cameron said, "Up until before I started mixing the movie I could still cry in the scenes where you're supposed to cry, and there are about five of them in this film." Weaver said the film resonates with what's going on in the world right now.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyvjyvn83go?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Fashion house Valentino criticised over 'disturbing' AI handbag ads 34 minutes ago Share Save Liv McMahon Technology reporter Share Save Getty Images Italian luxury fashion house Valentino is facing criticism after posting "disturbing" adverts made using artificial intelligence (AI) for one of its luxury handbags online. The Instagram post promoting the handbag, which has a label to say it was made using AI, shows a "surreal" collage of models spliced between Valentino logos and its DeVain bag. AI in this instance is lazy at best." Others called on the company's marketing department to "read the room", likened the content to "AI slop" and accused the company of "rage-baiting".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/crk7xjpv8gmo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Chinese and Japanese boats face off near disputed islands as feud worsens The Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands have long been a source of tension between China and Japan The confrontation comes as diplomatic ties between the two nations spiral , after Japan's leader made controversial comments about Taiwan last month. While responding to a question in parliament in November, Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi, known to be a vocal critic of China and its activities in the region, suggested that Tokyo could take military action if Beijing attacked Taiwan. China Coast Guard (CCG) spokesperson Liu Dejun said that Chinese vessels on Tuesday approached and warned off a Japanese fishing boat that had "illegally entered the territorial waters of China's Diaoyu Dao", according to a state media report. Liu added that the CCG took "necessary law enforcement measures", claiming that the islands were Chinese territory and urging Japan to "immediately stop all acts of infringement and provocation in these waters". The Japan Coast Guard (JCG) offered a slightly different account, saying they approached the Chinese vessels shortly after they were seen entering Japanese waters in the early hours of Tuesday and issued a demand that they leave the waters. While Japan and China made an in-principle agreement in 2008 to jointly exploit resources in the East China Sea, the waterway that separates the two countries, tensions have escalated over the past decade-and-a-half. Prior to the events of Tuesday morning, the CCG last entered the waters surrounding the Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands on 16 November, conducting what it described at the time as "a lawful patrol operation conducted by the China coast guard to uphold its rights and interests".

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/russia-us-threatened-resume-nuclear-testing-after-decades-128026682
Article: and Russia have both recently threatened to resume nuclear testing, alarming the international community and jeopardizing a global norm against such tests Russia, US threatened to resume nuclear testing after decades. (Russian Defense Ministry Press Service via AP, File) VIENNA -- The United States and Russia have both recently threatened to resume nuclear testing, alarming the international community and jeopardizing a global norm against such tests. or any signatory to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty conduct nuclear weapons tests, “Russia would be under obligation to take reciprocal measures.” Here’s is a look at what a resumption of nuclear testing could mean. With 187 states having signed the treaty and 178 having ratified it, most experts believe the treaty has established a norm against atomic testing — even without formally entering into force. atomic tests would “open the door for states with less nuclear testing experience to conduct full-scale tests that could help them perfect smaller, lighter warhead designs.” This would “decrease U.S. Floyd told The Associated Press that in the current situation, he believes his organization’s main role is providing “confidence to states” that they would know if a nuclear weapon explosion occurred “anywhere, anytime.” The organization's monitoring network successfully detected all six atomic tests conducted by North Korea between 2006 and 2017, he said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/us-mass-killings-drop-to-20-year-low-in-2025-database?traffic_source=rss
Article: A recent shooting at a family gathering in Stockton, California, that left four people dead, was the 17th mass killing this year, The Associated Press – which maintains the database alongside USA Today and Northeastern University – reported on Tuesday. The database uses police and FBI reports, media articles and court records to track mass killings, defined as incidents in which four or more people were killed intentionally within a 24-hour period, not including any offender. ‘Regression to the mean’ James Alan Fox, a criminologist at Northeastern University who manages the database, told AP that the tally for 2025 was down about 24 percent compared with 2024, which in turn was about a 20 percent drop compared with 2023. “I wouldn’t bet on it.” James Densley, a professor at Metropolitan State University in Minnesota, told the news agency that as the database tracked a rare phenomenon, the figures could be volatile. Advertisement “2025 looks really good in historical context, but we can’t pretend like that means the problem is gone for good.” Improved mass casualty responses Some factors could be contributing to the drop, though, he said, including an overall decline in homicide and violent crime, which peaked during the COVID-19 pandemic. He cited a shooting during a Mass at a school in Minnesota in August in which two children were killed and more than 20 injured – a crime that would not be recorded on the database due to there being only two deaths. Eric Madfis, a professor of criminal justice at the University of Washington-Tacoma, told AP that while gun violence and associated deaths in the US were down, “we still have exceedingly high rates and numbers of mass shootings compared to anywhere else in the world.” About 82 percent of mass killings in the US in 2025 involved a firearm.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c898g1151zdo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Girl's death in minibus crash 'truly devastating' 38 minutes ago Share Save Steve Jones Yorkshire Share Save Seb Cheer/BBC The girl's death has been described as an "unimaginable tragedy" The death of a teenage girl in a minibus crash close to a school has been described as "truly devastating" by a councillor. The girl was among nine passengers aged 16 to 18 travelling in the vehicle when a Hyundai i10 and it collided on Toulston Lane, near Tadcaster Grammar School, just before 12:30 GMT on Monday, police said. The minibus, a white Mercedes Sprinter, was heading towards Sherburn when the light-coloured Hyundai i10 entered Toulston Lane from the Rudgate junction, according to a spokesperson for North Yorkshire Police. "The loss of any life is a sad time but a life ending so early is truly devastating." Reverend Ann Fox, from Tadcaster Methodist Church, said the place of worship would be open for prayer from 10:00 until 11:30 following the news. "For the emergency services, they do amazing work and we give our thanks to them because it must be harrowing for them." Posting on social media, Sir Alec Shelbrooke, MP for Wetherby & Easingwold, called the news "desperately sad".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cx2e0y3913jo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: UK share values 'most stretched' since 2008, Bank warns 11 minutes ago Share Save Archie Mitchell Business reporter Share Save PA Media The Bank of England has warned of a "sharp correction" in the value of major tech companies with growing fears of an artificial intelligence (AI) bubble. It said share prices in the UK are close to the "most stretched" they have been since the 2008 global financial crisis, while equity valuations in the US are reminiscent of those before the dotcom bubble burst. "Deeper links between AI firms and credit markets, and increasing interconnections between those firms, mean that, should an asset price correction occur, losses on lending could increase financial stability risks," it said. The Bank of England is the latest institution to sound the alarm over a potential crash in the value of AI firms reminiscent of previous incidents such as the financial crisis and the dotcom bubble. Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JP Morgan, told the BBC in October he is "far more worried than others" about the risk of a serious market correction in the coming years. The dotcom booms refers to a period in the late 1990s, during which the values of early internet companies surged amid a wave of optimism for what was then a new technology, before the bubble burst in early 2000 - with many share prices collapsed. Fears over an AI-related stock market correction come as Chancellor Rachel Reeves used her Budget to encourage savers to pile cash into stocks and shares by reducing the amounts which can be saved in cash Isas. In its latest report, the Bank of England said the risks to financial stability have risen during 2025, citing geopolitical tensions, global trade wars and rising borrowing costs for governments. Elsewhere in the financial stability report, the Bank of England warned homeowners coming off fixed rate mortgages in the next two years face a £64 increase in their monthly repayments.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/softbank-masayoshi-son-crying-nvidia-stake-ai-bet-artificial-intelligence-bubble-vision-fund.html
Article: Speaking via teleconference, Son and OpenAI chief Sam Altman argued that advancing artificial intelligence would lead to new jobs that are not yet imagined, and the advancement of robotics will help kickstart a "self-improvement" loop. Photographer: Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg via Getty Images SoftBank Group founder Masayoshi Son on Monday downplayed the decision to offload the conglomerate's entire Nvidia stake, saying he "was crying" over parting with the shares. According to Son, SoftBank wouldn't have made the move if it didn't need to bankroll its next artificial intelligence investments, including a big bet on OpenAI and data center projects. "I was crying to sell Nvidia shares." Son's comments are consistent with what analysts and other Softbank executives said in November, describing the sale as part of broader efforts to bolster SoftBank Vision Fund's AI war chest. The Japanese giant could also "potentially" increase its investment in OpenAI depending on the performance of the ChatGPT maker and the valuation of further rounds, a person familiar with the matter previously told CNBC. So far, that bet has reaped some dividends, with SoftBank reporting last month that its second-quarter net profit more than doubled to 2.5 trillion yen ($16.6 billion), driven by valuation gains in its OpenAI holdings. In his Monday talk, Son also pushed back against these concerns, arguing that those who talk about an AI bubble are "not smart enough." He predicted that "super [artificial] intelligence" and AI robots will generate at least 10% of global gross domestic product over the long term, which he said would outweigh trillions of dollars of investment into the technology.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/why-chinas-real-estate-market-is-still-searching-for-a-bottom-.html
Article: Sales of the top 100 developers plunged 36% in terms of value in November from a year earlier, despite a modest pick-up from a 42% decline in October, according to data published Monday by China Real Estate Information Corp . "The worsening of the property data was real and concerning," Hui Shan, chief China economist at Goldman Sachs, said in a note Monday, suggesting that the likelihood of another round of housing stimulus measures had increased. Beijing's goal to "halt the declines in housing market," announced in September last year, appears "increasingly unrealistic," said William Wu, a property analyst at Daiwa Capital Market, citing "renewed turmoil" in the sector in the fourth quarter amid accelerating home price declines and "resurfacing of high-profile defaults." Government support? In early November, Shenzhen said it would request collateral for pledges for about 20 billion yuan worth of previously unsecured loans to Vanke, rattling creditors and sending bond prices to record lows. The surprise move "reflects a liquidity crisis that will likely end in a comprehensive restructuring," said Cathy Lu, a credit analyst at financial data provider Octus, formerly known as Reorg, adding that a broader wave of extensions or defaults following Vanke's postponement remains unlikely. "The property crisis has weeded out [developers with] weak balance sheets," Lu noted, adding that the government is unlikely to launch a broad bail-out plan to contain Vanke's fall, but focusing on "restructuring" its debt and ensuring home deliveries. Rating agency S & P Global last Friday downgraded Vanke's long-term issue credit ratings to "CCC-" from "CCC" due to heightened risk of a "distressed restructuring" at the embattled developer within the next six months. In May last year, Chinese authorities provided 300 billion yuan to financial institutions to lend to local state-owned enterprises so they can buy unsold apartments that have already been built. The number of completed and unsold inventory stood at about 762 million square meters as of end-August 2025, up from 753 million square meters as of end-December 2024, according S & P Global . Should policy measures become effective in tightening land supplies to developers, which would reduce apartment inventory, home prices could bottom out as early as the first half of 2027, according to Economist Intelligence Unit. The inventory turnover ratio, calculated by dividing residential inventory by average monthly sales, in China has shortened by five months from its peak of 25.9 months in April 2025, EUI economists said in a note last week. At the current pace, it may take another year and a half for the clearance cycle to shorten to 12-18 months — a relatively healthy range by historical standards, the research firm said. Several economists whom CNBC spoke to expect China's authorities to unleash incremental policy easing measures to stem the slump in a sector that has long been an important engine of its economy. The falling prices and fewer property sales have further strained cash-strapped developers, prompting banks to list more foreclosed properties on the market — "this is precisely the type of 'negative feedback loop' that policymakers need to cut off," Goldman's Shan warned. Beijing may consider an "interest-rate subsidy" which would lower homebuyers' cost of mortgages without hurting banks, stabilize home prices and "buy time for a gradual demand-led recovery," according to Morgan Stanley. The Wall Street bank estimates that a 1 percentage point cut in mortgage costs in the second quarter of 2026 could lift new home sales and help ease deflation pressures next year, with prices likely to find a floor in higher-tier cities.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/2/fifa-world-cup-2026-draw-teams-pots-how-to-watch-and-all-to-know?traffic_source=rss
Article: The FIFA World Cup draw is an event that comes around only once every four years – but it can do plenty to determine a football nation’s morale heading into the sport’s most prestigious global competition. The 2026 tournament – to be held in the United States, Canada and Mexico – features a record 48 teams, with this draw adding a few new tweaks to spread out the contenders from the pretenders. These teams comprise: Top four-ranked nations: Spain, Argentina, France and England Next five best-seeded nations: Belgium, Brazil, Germany, Netherlands and Portugal Three seeded spots allocated to the host nations: Canada, Mexico and USA The process will then continue with Pots 2, 3, and 4, in that order, FIFA explained. Each nation’s name is printed on a slip of paper, which is then folded and placed inside a plastic ball numbered 1 to 4 to represent one of the four pots. There is less certainty for the remaining 36 teams, but specific rules do apply: In principle, no group will have more than one team from the same confederation drawn into it. The 2026 World Cup draw rewards the four highest-ranked teams – Spain, Argentina, France and England – who will be placed in separate sections, or quadrants, of a new tennis-style seeded tournament bracket. Defending champions Argentina (No 2 ranked) with Lionel Messi and top-ranked European champions Spain (No 1 ranked) with Lamine Yamal, therefore, can ensure they do not meet until the final at MetLife Stadium near New York. Teams will be randomly drawn from each of the four pots and assigned to one of the 12 groups in Friday’s draw: Pot 1: Canada, Mexico, USA, Spain, Argentina, France, England, Brazil, Portugal, Netherlands, Belgium, Germany (three host nations and nine top-seeded) Pot 2: Croatia, Morocco, Colombia, Uruguay, Switzerland, Japan, Senegal, Iran, South Korea, Ecuador, Austria, Australia Pot 3: Norway, Panama, Egypt, Algeria, Scotland, Paraguay, Tunisia, Ivory Coast, Uzbekistan, Qatar, South Africa Pot 4: Jordan, Cape Verde, Ghana, Curacao, Haiti, New Zealand, European playoff winners A, B, C and D, Intercontinental playoff winners 1 and 2 Why is Iran boycotting the World Cup draw? President Donald Trump’s administration announced in June a travel ban on citizens from 12 countries, including Iran, although exemptions were promised for “any athlete or member of an athletic team, including coaches, persons performing a necessary support role, and immediate relatives, traveling for the World Cup, Olympics, or other major sporting event as determined by the secretary of state”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/hegseth-or-admiral-bradley-who-approved-the-second-venezuela-boat-strike?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Trump administration is facing a political and legal firestorm over reports that its military carried out a second strike on a boat in the Caribbean Sea that Washington claims was carrying drugs, after two people survived the initial attack. On September 2, 2025, the US military struck a boat in the Caribbean during Operation Southern Spear, a major campaign that the administration of President Donald Trump claims is aimed at dismantling drug-trafficking networks. “The Committee is aware of recent news reports – and the Department of Defense’s initial response – regarding alleged follow-on strikes on suspected narcotics vessels in the SOUTHCOM area of responsibility,” the committee’s chairs, Republican Senator Roger Wicker and Democratic Senator Jack Reed, said in a statement. “The declared intent is to stop lethal drugs, destroy narco-boats, and kill the narco-terrorists who are poisoning the American people,” Hegseth said in a social media post on Friday evening. It also accused Venezuela’s president, Nicolas Maduro, of leading the Cartel de los Soles – which US officials describe as a drug-smuggling network involving senior figures in the country’s government and armed forces. While Trump has repeatedly claimed that Tren de Aragua is a front for Maduro, his own intelligence agencies have concluded that there is no link between the gang and the Venezuelan president. As we’ve said from the beginning, and in every statement, these highly effective strikes are specifically… — Secretary of War Pete Hegseth (@SecWar) November 28, 2025 Have Trump and the White House contradicted each other? But he added that “I wouldn’t have wanted that – not a second strike.” He noted that Hegseth told him “he did not order the death of those two men.” In the nearly two dozen subsequent strikes by the US military on boats, US troops have, in several cases, helped rescue survivors and have then repatriated them to the countries they belong to. Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth authorized multiple strikes that killed 11 people on a vessel from Venezuela allegedly carrying illegal narcotics in September, the White House said https://t.co/panDtNSmVQ pic.twitter.com/pMJkyAvt2E — Reuters (@Reuters) December 2, 2025 According to the White House, Hegseth authorised Admiral Bradley to carry out the September 2 “strikes” – suggesting that the defence secretary gave the mission commander the go-ahead to carry out multiple attacks on the boat if needed. “Instead of having due process and a criminal prosecution, the Trump administration has decided to be judge, jury and executioner, and on their own claim that these individuals are carrying drugs, ordering them killed, which is extrajudicial killing, which is murder,” Rachel VanLandingham, a military expert at Southwestern Law School, told Al Jazeera.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/us-envoys-headed-to-moscow-to-discuss-ukraine-peace-plan-with-putin?traffic_source=rss
Article: Trump’s special envoy Steve Witkoff, alongside the president’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, travels to the Russian capital as part of the renewed US diplomatic push to broker an end to the war in Ukraine, which was triggered in February 2022 when Moscow launched a full-scale invasion of its neighbour. However, Moscow has long reiterated that it will not agree to any ceasefire that does not meet its maximalist demands, which Kyiv and its allies warn would put Ukraine at its mercy. ‘Looks better’ Following discussions in Paris with European and US officials on Monday, Zelenskyy said the latest peace plan “looks better” but that points regarding Ukrainian control over its territories are “the most complicated” issue. French President Emmanuel Macron, speaking alongside Zelenskyy at a joint news conference in Paris, said the flurry of diplomatic activity could be “a moment that could be a turning point” but reiterated “Ukraine must be the one to decide its own territorial boundaries”. However, Ukraine refuted that claim on Tuesday, saying its forces still control the northern part of of the key logistics hub and were mounting assaults on Russian positions in the south.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5627506/fox-news-smartmatic-lawsuit-election-claims-trial
Article: Fox News faces critical test in 2nd case over false 2020 election claims toggle caption John Lamparski/Getty Images/Getty Images North America The allegations carry a familiar ring: Fox News aired outrageous lies that an election software company rigged votes in the 2020 presidential elections for Democratic nominee Joe Biden. These claims are contained in legal filings at the heart of a hearing that will take place in a Manhattan courtroom Tuesday afternoon over whether a multi-billion dollar defamation lawsuit against Fox News should be allowed to proceed to a full jury trial. Sponsor Message The lawsuit is being brought by Smartmatic, a London-based voting technology firm that played a limited role in the 2020 race but was, nonetheless, accused on Fox shows of taking votes away from Trump and throwing them to Biden. Viewers peeled away from Fox in droves after it became the first major U.S network to project that Biden would prevail in the key state of Arizona on election night in 2020. Sponsor Message The network made no admission of error but released this statement: "We acknowledge the Court's rulings finding certain claims about Dominion to be false." Neither Smartmatic nor Fox would comment for this story. Smartmatic named several co-defendants, including such stars as the late Lou Dobbs, Maria Bartiromo and Jeanine Pirro, along with Trump's legal advisers Rudolph Giuliani and Sidney Powell, who were frequent guests. "The evidence shows that Smartmatic's business and reputation were badly suffering long before any claims by President Trump's lawyers on Fox News and that Smartmatic grossly inflated its damage claims to generate headlines and chill free speech," Fox News said in a statement released through a spokesperson. "We are eager and ready to continue defending our press freedoms." As in the Dominion case, Fox has argued its hosts were engaging in legitimate coverage of newsworthy claims by newsworthy figures - the president and his legal advisers - and those claims had not yet worked its way through various legal proceedings. In October, federal prosecutors charged Smartmatic in a scheme to pay more than $1 million in bribes to a Philippine government official for contracts related to the 2016 national elections there. Perez told NPR he did not consider the segment a correction, but he said he was glad to offer Fox viewers accurate information after it so frequently ran what he considered election disinformation. The filings also reflect the way in which Fox stars saw their interests aligning with the interests of the Republican Party under Trump, even when they did not always agree with what he was saying. Host Jesse Watters texted Fox News comic host Greg Gutfeld, "Think about how incredible our ratings would be if Fox went ALL in on STOP THE STEAL," according to legal filings. Sponsor Message In court documents, Pirro was revealed to have lobbied then-Republican National Committee Chairperson Ronna McDaniel weeks ahead of the election to purchase copies of her book in bulk, as the RNC had done for Fox's Sean Hannity. (The exchange was first reported by the Guardian .) Once Trump refused to accept the results of the election, Pirro - a former prosecutor - was among those who repeatedly amplified the false claims of fraud. "They knew what they were saying was untrue when they were willingly destroying Smartmatic's reputation, though when under oath they admitted they knew better the whole time." According to its court filings, Smartmatic's legal teams also unearthed a Fox News workplace survey from summer 2020 - as Trump ran for re-election - in which numerous staffers complained about the network's bias. It seems like there's a fear that we cannot anger the president or his most zealous supporters, and have abdicated all pretense of truthful reporting; often allowing guests to say lies unchallenged, or saying false information ourselves to the detriment of our reputation." Sponsor Message Other colleagues complained about cheerleading by Fox personalities and objected to multiple on-air stars "covertly advising" the president.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5626858/aftyn-behn-matt-van-epps-tennessee-special-election
Article: Here's why toggle caption George Walker IV/AP A congressional special election in Tennessee has become the latest battleground for Democrats and Republicans seeking to craft a winning message ahead of the 2026 midterms. But in more recent history, Democrats have overperformed their 2024 margins in special elections this year by an average of 13% and are coming off a string of high-profile victories in races up and down the ballot last month. In final stretch, outside money floods race According to the latest Federal Election Commission data, outside groups have spent more than $6.5 million on the race, including more than $1.6 million from the pro-Trump MAGA Inc. House Speaker Mike Johnson held a get-out-the-vote rally Monday morning for Van Epps that featured Trump calling on speakerphone to proclaim that the "whole world is watching Tennessee right now." Sponsor Message Both parties are making affordability a top issue in the race, especially on the airways. In one ad, Van Epps decried "career politicians" and promised to "bring down prices, create good paying jobs, and lower health care costs for working families." Behn's closing ad promised that she would "shake up Washington" by "making health care more affordable, bringing down the cost of living, and protect workers and small businesses from job-killing tariffs." During a Monday evening telephone rally for Van Epps, Trump dismissed affordability as something Democrats mentioned to distract from what he said are his administration's numerous accomplishments.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5507111/disabled-veterans-investigation
Article: "When you shoot it, it's like getting punched in the face… and you feel weirdly drunk for the next day afterwards," said Dustin, a former Army Ranger who fired that weapon dozens of times and also served as a breacher in Afghanistan. Dustin emailed the company and told them to stop working on his VA claim, he wanted to "cancel." He said he then applied for benefits with help free of charge from an accredited representative of the VA. But when the VA rated him 70 percent disabled, qualifying him for free health care and a monthly disability check, he then heard back from the company in the form of a bill for $4,500. Critics call them "claim sharks." The firms operate in a legal gray area — barred by federal law from officially representing vets or charging them money to prepare their disability claim paperwork; they maintain they are merely helping vets from a distance to navigate the disability claim process. Sponsor Message "I think that they took advantage of me and… accessed the VA database to find out if I had a claim so they could make $4,500 from a guy who spent five and a half years in the Army and two tours in Afghanistan," said Dustin, who refused to pay the bill. Trajector declined repeated requests for an interview but said in a statement to NPR, "We encourage any client who feels their experience was less than satisfactory to contact us immediately." The company said its mission continues to be to help vets receive benefits if they qualify. And the contracts that vets sign do state that Trajector will use their personal information to access VA "reporting systems," though none of the vets NPR spoke to said they understood that the company would be keeping tabs on them so it could send them a bill. Kelly, who didn't want to use his last name for fear of his benefits being reduced by VA, is a 65-year old Navy veteran who tried, unsuccessfully, to apply for disability through an accredited VSO. But if they got the job done, hopefully I don't have to worry about it again." Still, the law states that "no fee or compensation of any nature" can be charged for preparing and filing initial disability claims. "We DO NOT do claims consulting" The federal government has had rules on the books to protect veterans' benefits since the Civil War era, when opportunistic lawyers were bilking vets out of their pensions. But while the law today says that anyone assisting vets with initial disability claims must be accredited and cannot charge money, companies like Trajector maintain those requirements don't apply to them. Trajector said in a statement to NPR that it complies with the law and helps vets "understand, identify and document their medical conditions." "We don't fill out your forms ourselves. "You do it yourself, and we give you a medical evidence packet to attach when you file for claims." Sponsor Message But that wasn't the case for some vets who spoke with NPR, who said Trajector did fill out and submit their VA paperwork. Trajector then sent Jensen an email with a link to review and submit his "medical evidence packet." Jensen later shared the link with NPR and allowed reporters to observe him accessing the document that the link led to. NPR asked Trajector to explain the apparent contradiction between such statements and the VA forms that had been filled out for Jensen along with the screenshot of his fax confirmation. "We stand by our statements." A "separate" site The link Jensen clicked to review and submit his claim originated from a Trajector email and opened to a site called Benefit Karma. Zenofsky characterized Benefit Karma as "a separate and secure external software platform, which is freely and publicly available for use by all, which allows veterans to populate, review, edit and file their own forms." Documents show Benefit Karma has ties to Trajector. I'm not gonna lie." NPR spoke to former VA Inspector General Michael Missal, who served as the agency's top watchdog from 2016 to January 2025, about how Trajector uses Benefit Karma to outsource the submission of disability claims. "Trajector being involved, and whether it's a company that they're behind that actually pushes the button, they're the one that's really facilitating the filing." Sponsor Message "It certainly violates the spirit and I would say it would violate the meaning of the law as well." toggle caption Erik Jensen Excerpts from Erik Jensen's "Medical Evidence Packet" from Trajector. After receiving a favorable rating from the VA this year, and not speaking with a Trajector employee for months, she said, Armstrong was "more than surprised" to see a bill for $877.55 arrive in her inbox. Because I haven't talked to anybody and I haven't told anybody anything.'" When Trajector staff began calling and emailing her multiple times a week to pursue payment, Armstrong said she refused to pay. "I did all of this legwork on my own." The answer likely lies in what workers inside the company refer to as "CallBot." CallBot is a computerized auto-dialing system that persistently dials into the VA Benefits Hotline, a system meant for veterans to inquire about the amount of their monthly disability check. Former workers told NPR that in the early days of the company, the small staff would divvy up a printed list containing each client's name, social security number and birthday. "That was the bloodhound." CallBot could make as many as 20 concurrent calls to the VA and would run for days at a time on behalf of tens of thousands of veterans, former employees said. Former workers told NPR that at one point the VA began blocking the numbers Trajector was using to dial the hotline, in turn choking off collections and revenue for the company. When NPR spoke to Marine Corps veteran Enrique Miranda Cardenas about how Trajector's CallBot system works, he said he didn't think the company should be monitoring him and other vets that way. While vets told NPR they had no idea Trajector was tracking their claims this way, they had agreed in their contracts to let the company use personally identifying information to access VA reporting systems. "If a client does not self-report, we will send them a draft invoice and instruct them to call us if they believe there is an error." "They called me relentlessly." - Telling vets 3x a day to pay up After Miranda Cardenas submitted his claim through Trajector, VA requested additional evidence from his medical providers to make a decision on his claim. You didn't do what you needed to do… I don't feel that it's right for me to pay you what you're claiming that I need to pay you.'" Trajector told NPR in a statement that Miranda Cardenas "was fully informed about the nature of our support." "They called me relentlessly," said Dwayne, a Navy veteran who had a similar experience. "Just consistent barrages of calls." Trajector's invoicing and collections staff told NPR that they often fielded daily torrents of angry calls and emails from upset veterans facing a bill they didn't feel was fair. I did this on my own.' So essentially, sometimes we were billing people for increases that we didn't even help them get." Another former staffer reported, "There was so much turnover because who wants to be yelled at by veterans all day?" She told NPR her team was pressured to hit aggressive collections quotas and Trajector incentivized speed with a bonus structure that made up the majority of her paycheck. "This is considered a challenging and frequent reality of the profession and collections agents often become the involuntary target for a customer's negative feelings, making the constant exposure to hostility an expected part of their job." Several vets NPR spoke to said they were never turned over to third-party debt collectors or reported to the credit bureaus by Trajector. One former invoicer said, "That's when I started wondering, 'Are we supposed to be doing this?'" "They don't want it in the press that third-party collection agencies are collecting on disabled veterans," a former employee in Trajector's collection department said. "Our communications are designed, monitored, and audited to ensure they are professional and respectful." Legal experts in the field of debt collection regulation told NPR it's possible that Trajector decided not to involve third-party debt collectors because doing so would open the collectors to lawsuits from veterans who may feel the debt is legally dubious. NPR and our partner, the nonprofit newsroom The War Horse, obtained letters the VA sent to 40 claims companies — ranging from companies with hundreds of employees to one-person shops. Barrans quoted a litany of marketing materials from Trajector – then called Vet Comp & Pen Medical Consulting – that "strongly suggest that your organization is unlawfully assisting in the preparation, presentation and prosecution of claims before VA. By assisting in preparing claims, you and your organization are violating the laws governing accreditation." Barrans signed off with a warning to Hill: "By law, you, individually, and your organization, must immediately cease all preparation of and assistance in claims for VA benefits." Trajector responded to both letters to VA contending that it wasn't breaking the law. When these letters were received, we promptly responded in writing and in the nearly four to eight years since then, have received no reply from VA." The company also told NPR that its work falls within laws and regulations that "guarantee a veteran's right to submit private medical evidence and require VA to consider private medical documentation." "VA is not a law enforcement agency but is fully committed to preventing bad actors from taking advantage of Veterans," said VA Press Secretary Pete Kasperowicz in a statement to NPR. "When VA sees signs of fraud or suspicious behavior, it works with the appropriate law enforcement authorities to protect Veterans, families, caregivers and survivors." NPR obtained through a public records request more than 50 complaints about Trajector reported to the Office of the Attorney General in Florida, the state where Trajector is based. VSOs, the VFW in particular, are pushing lawmakers to regulate the claims industry with the slogan " Don't feed the sharks ." On the industry side, the field has grown large enough that claims companies formed a trade organization led by Peter O'Rourke, a former VA official in the first Trump administration. Some of the larger claims companies favor the competing bill, called the CHOICE for Veterans Act , which would regulate the business and cap the charges at $12,500, in its current draft. "We also want to make sure Veterans have choices, particularly if they aren't happy with whatever options might be available to them for free." toggle caption Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images and Reba Saldanha/AP The companies argue they allow vets to vote with their feet and pay for assistance if they need the extra help. Millions of Americans similarly pay for help filing their taxes, for example, though some of these companies can charge vets 10 or 20 times what they might pay for tax help. Trajector, originally called Vet Comp & Pen Medical Consulting, acquired smaller firms and by 2021 employed a global workforce of more than 1,300 employees across offices in Florida, Puerto Rico and the Philippines. "All of a sudden they're getting this disability check that's just gonna turn everything around for them… I'm like, wow, that's real power." As Trajector grew though, former workers say things started to change.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5627502/national-guard-shooting-latest
Article: that killed one National Guard soldier and wounded another has brought grief to a West Virginia community and profound implications for refugees , while a troubling profile of the suspect emerges . So we take that as a positive sign." Wolfe and Sarah Beckstrom — both members of the West Virginia National Guard — were on patrol on Thanksgiving eve just blocks from the White House when a gunman came around the corner and opened fire at close-range, authorities said. High school principal describes Beckstrom as "always willing to help others" toggle caption Kathleen Batten/AP Beckstrom joined the service in 2023 , but her commitment to serving others was a defining part of her character, according to Gabriel Markle, the principal at Webster County High School, which Beckstrom attended. "She carried herself with quiet strength, a contagious smile and a positive energy that lifted people around her," Markle said at a vigil organized at the high school on Saturday night. "I worried he would be suicidal because he was so withdrawn." The volunteer spoke with NPR on condition of anonymity because they said they feared retaliation for having worked with Afghan refugees, including Lakanwal. "Our hearts are absolutely broken for our Afghan allies, who have already endured more trauma, loss, and sacrifice than most Americans can imagine," Shawn VanDiver, who leads #AfghanEvac, a group that supports the resettlement of Afghans to the U.S., said in a statement .

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/at-least-1250-people-dead-what-caused-the-devastating-asia-floods?traffic_source=rss
Article: Tropical storms and heavy rainfall have caused devastating flooding and landslides across much of South and Southeast Asia in recent days, with officials saying more than 1,250 people have been killed across Indonesia, Sri Lanka and Thailand alone and that many others are still missing. Two cyclones and a typhoon, all different kinds of tropical storms, contributed to the disaster, which left towns and villages buried under mud across Sri Lanka, Thailand and the Indonesian island of Sumatra, with recovery efforts expected to continue for weeks. “I have covered natural disasters, and usually, there is an area where landslides are contained, but this time, landslides have affected all the villages that we saw as we made our way here,” she said from North Tapanuli. Advertisement Communities across South and Southeast Asia, in countries including Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia and the Philippines, have all been inundated in recent days, following weeks of heavy rains and deadly tropical storms across the region. The most recent floods were made worse in some countries by tropical storms, including Typhoon Koto, which caused severe flash floods and landslides in the Philippines, as well as Cyclone Senyar, which hit Indonesia’s northern Sumatra severely, and Cyclone Ditwah, which caused devastation in Sri Lanka. One common thread across the region is that communities were struggling to respond to the sheer volume of rainfall, which caused knock-on problems, including landslides, says Steve Turton, an adjunct professor of environmental geography at Central Queensland University in Australia. “All around the world where we get these tropical systems, whether you call them typhoons or hurricanes or tropical cyclones, they are producing more rain than they’ve ever produced,” Turton told Al Jazeera. “And that’s because of climate change.” While Cyclone Senyar, Cyclone Ditwah and Typhoon Koto were not categorised as severe storms due to their wind speeds, says Turton, they all produced “a lot of rain”. “Warmer oceans fuel stronger rain bands around tropical cyclones, and a warmer atmosphere holds more moisture and releases it in more intense bursts,” Roxy Matthew Koll, a climate scientist at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, explained. It is a phenomenon called La Nina, which is a natural climate pattern in which the Pacific Ocean becomes cooler than usual in the east and warmer in the west, causing winds to strengthen and push more warm water and moisture towards Asia. While the impact of increased rainfall is well understood, Turton notes that when it comes to other unusual aspects about this past week’s storms, including how Cyclone Senyar and Typhoon Koto may have interacted, it will be necessary to wait for more specific research, known as attribution studies, to be conducted. One recent attribution study from the Grantham Institute for Climate Change and the Environment using the Imperial College Storm Model (IRIS) has already found that climate change increased the amount of eyewall rain from Typhoon Fung-wong, which made landfall in the Philippines last month, by an estimated 10.5 percent. Shweta Narayan, campaign lead at Global Climate and Health Alliance, a consortium of health professionals and civil society organisations around the world, said the governments and cities have “failed to prepare at all to deal with the consequences of the extreme weather events”. “And the price is being paid by people.” After decades of warnings from climate scientists, many governments and climate change activists are eager to move to more practical responses to help reduce the severity of current and future climate change-induced disasters as much as possible. Climate activist and founding director of the Satat Sampada Climate Foundation, Harjeet Singh, told Al Jazeera that the science on attributing individual disasters to climate change is settled, and that it is now time to move on to responding. The latest storms came less than a week after the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP30) ended in Brazil, without delivering the responses that countries experiencing climate change harms have repeatedly called for. Earlier this year, the world’s top court, the International Court of Justice (ICJ), ruled that states must act urgently to address the “existential threat” of climate change by cooperating to cut emissions, following through on global climate agreements, and protecting vulnerable populations and ecosystems from harm. “Failure of a state to take appropriate action to protect the climate system … may constitute an internationally wrongful act,” said ICJ President Yuji Iwasawa, in response to the case which was brought to the court by developing countries led by Vanuatu. Those legal challenges include a case recently launched by survivors of the 2021 Super Typhoon Odette in the Philippines, who announced last month that they are suing British oil giant Shell for its role in causing the climate crisis through courts in the United Kingdom. “These floods are a stark reminder that climate-driven disasters are becoming the new normal, and investment in resilience and preparedness is critical,” Alexander Matheou, IFRC director for the Asia Pacific region, said in a statement.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/latest-pope-leo-ends-foreign-trip-silent-prayer-128024479
Article: Pope Leo XIV has offered a silent prayer at the site of the 2020 Beirut port explosion as he wraps up his first foreign trip to Turkey and Lebanon The Latest: Pope Leo ends first foreign trip with silent prayer at Beirut blast site, Mass at port Pope Leo XIV offered a silent prayer at the site of the 2020 Beirut port explosion as he wraps up his first foreign trip to Turkey and Lebanon on Tuesday. No official has been convicted in a judicial investigation that has been repeatedly obstructed, angering Lebanese for whom the blast was just the latest crisis after decades of corruption and financial crimes. The American pope opened his final day with a visit to the De La Croix hospital, which specializes in care for people with psychological problems, and will close with a Mass along the Beirut waterfront before returning to Rome. In his homily, Leo acknowledged the many crises that have scarred Lebanon, citing the 2020 Beirut port blast, economic crises and “the violence and conflicts that have reawakened ancient fears.” He said it is natural to feel “paralyzed by powerlessness in the face of evil and oppressed by so many difficult situations.” But the pope urged Lebanon’s people to not be resigned and to find ways to remain hopeful and grateful. Be a prophetic sign of peace for the whole of the Levant!” Tens of thousands of worshippers packed into an open area on the Beirut waterfront where Pope Leo XIV is set to deliver a public mass before heading back to Rome. “I think the pope’s visit will give the Lebanese people hope, hope that there will be peace, because we have been waiting for peace for 50 years," said Gabriel Raji, who was among the attendees. No official has been convicted in a judicial investigation that has been repeatedly obstructed, angering Lebanese for whom the blast was just the latest evidence of impunity after decades of corruption and financial crimes. She told him that her hospital cares for the “forgotten souls, burdened by their loneliness.” In his remarks to the patients and staff, Leo said the facility stands as a reminder to all of humanity. Pope Leo XIV has arrived at one of the Middle East's oldest psychiatric hospitals, the De La Croix hospital in Beirut’s northern suburb of Jal el-Dib, where he will meet with patients as well as nuns who work at the facility. “The word of nature today was the biggest good sign." Ahead of his large public mass in the Lebanese capital’s seaside waterfront on Tuesday, Pope Leo XIV will hold a silent prayer nearby at the site of the deadly Beirut port explosion with some families of the 218 victims. “But I think it will give some sort of relaxation of this anger that is in my heart until justice is served.” An ongoing probe that has implicated a long list of politicians, judicial and security officials continues to face obstructions as families push for international support including from the Vatican. They were killed because someone kept (ammonium) nitrate in the main port of the city near a residential area.” Among those waiting to greet Pope Leo at the De La Croix hospital are throngs of children dressed as Swiss Guards in colorful gold, red and blue ceremonial uniforms. Leo also was expected to meet with relatives of some of the 218 victims of the blast, which tore through Beirut and did billions of dollars in damage after hundreds of tons of ammonium nitrate detonated in a warehouse. Five years on, no official has been convicted in a judicial investigation that has been repeatedly obstructed, angering Lebanese for whom the blast was just the latest crisis after decades of corruption and financial crimes.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj69588eewyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Hung by my wrists and beaten': Israeli-Russian woman says Iraqi militants tortured her in captivity 1 hour ago Share Save Tim Franks BBC Newshour Share Save BBC Elizabeth Tsurkov spoke to the BBC from Israel, where she is recovering from her ordeal An Israeli-Russian woman held captive for two and a half years by militants in Iraq has told the BBC how she invented "confessions" to try to get her captors to stop torturing her. It often leads to dislocation of shoulders." Elizabeth Tsurkov Ms Tsurkov was carrying out fieldwork for her PhD in Baghdad when she was kidnapped Ms Tsurkov believes she was held by members of Kataib Hezbollah, one of the most powerful Iran-backed militias in Iraq, designated a terrorist organisation by the US and others. They live in an alternative reality in which Israel and the United States and Saudi Arabia together created ISIS [the Islamic State group], and the US spreads homosexuality through single sex cafes." She created confessions about herself to try to avoid torture, based on spy plots and her captors' "quite insane worldview", while not implicating any Iraqis. So, they would return, hang me by my wrists and start beating me with a stick and using even harsher methods of torture and saying, 'I want something new.'" Ms Tsurkov says she does not understand why, after 100 days of abuse, she was moved to another location. Among the messages he conveyed, she says, was that President Trump was extremely annoyed about her captivity, and that if she were not freed within a week, the leadership of Kataib Hezbollah would be killed. When he announced Ms Tsurkov's freedom from captivity on 9 September, Iraq's prime minister described it as "a culmination of extensive efforts exerted by our security services over the course of many months". But two weeks later, a senior official in Kataib Hezbollah, Abu Ali al-Askari, put out a statement saying that Sudani's government had sought Ms Tsurkov's release in order to prevent a US strike on Iraq and to oblige the US to comply with its agreement to withdraw its forces from the country. More broadly, she says, it is ordinary Iraqis who lose out from a "horribly corrupt system in an incredibly rich country", where the commanders of the militias "continue to operate above the law". Ms Tsurkov, who has lived in Israel since her release, says she sees a country transformed in the aftermath of the Hamas-led attacks on 7 October 2023 and Israel's protracted war in Gaza. There's a great sense of insecurity and desire to unleash the anger that exists within people." Ms Tsurkov has been a long-standing critic of Israeli government policy towards Palestinians and within the region.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c1m8e8l1mp2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Iranian director given jail sentence while on trip to collect US awards 31 minutes ago Share Save Ian Youngs Culture reporter Share Save Getty Images Jafar Panahi picked up three trophies at the Gotham Awards in New York on Monday Award-winning Iranian film-maker Jafar Panahi has been given a prison sentence on charges of creating propaganda against the political system, his lawyer has said, on the same day his new film won a string of awards in the US. However, he was in New York to pick up three prizes, including best director, at the Gotham Awards for his latest film, It Was Just An Accident, which he shot illegally in Iran. Film-makers 'risking everything' Panahi is one of Iran's leading directors but has been subjected to constraints from authorities including a ban on making films in the country as well as the prison sentences and travel restrictions. He didn't refer to the new sentence in his Gotham Awards speeches, but praised "film-makers who keep the camera rolling in silence, without support, and at times, by risking everything they have, only with their faith in truth and humanity". He added: "I hope that this dedication will be considered a small tribute to all film-makers who have been deprived of the right to see and to be seen, but continue to create and to exist." It Was Just An Accident also won best screenplay and best international film, and is expected to be a contender at the Oscars in Hollywood in the spring.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17220666/texas-houston-employment-young-mothers-disconnection-jobs-college
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback HOUSTON — Jaqueline Hernandez crouched in front of the fridge in her second-story apartment on the northwest side of Houston, the fluorescent white light glowing over the mostly empty shelves. The 22-year-old mom works part time — typically between 4 and 10 hours a week — making about $13.50 an hour scanning tickets at an arena stadium and venues around the city. She’s gotten little relief from the city she has spent her whole life in: The few subsidized child care spots and flexible, high-wage jobs that would help her balance parenting all feel out of reach. At 13.3%, Houston has the worst rate of disconnection of the 25 largest metro areas in the country, according to a report by the economic opportunity research group Measure of America first shared with The Texas Tribune. Mothers like Hernandez are more vulnerable to the plight: More than 40% of young mothers in the Houston area are not working or in school, four times the rate among young women without children. (It’s unclear how many of those mothers are stay-at-home, by choice.) Hernandez had toyed for a while with the idea of enrolling in college online, but with a 1-year-old baby and another on the way, she decided against it because she worried it would compete with the time and attention she needed to give her family. “The jobs are here, the talent is here, but too many workers are left on the bench,” said Carolyn Watson, who is the co-chair of the Greater Houston Opportunity Youth Collaborative. “Young adults are the untapped talent pool…and they are trapped in low-wage work.” While dozens of universities and colleges serve the region, a smaller share of residents have a postsecondary degree here than in other major urban areas. “So let’s just get all on the same page about the urgency of the issue.” A derailed promise State leaders have spent the past 10 years trying to get more young Texans to complete a postsecondary degree or certificate. “It is an urgent matter for Texas to increase our knowledge and skills to sustain and become globally competitive,” said Woody Hunt, an El Paso businessman, when he helped author the plan back in 2015. But when you start to put everything on one plate, their education will take a hit.” When it came time to apply for college, Hernandez did not have support to submit her financial aid form. I was so stressed out.” A labor market favoring men Hernandez got a full-time job right after high school, on the recommendation of a friend, cutting sheet metal for one of the biggest HVAC companies in the world. In one 12-hour overnight shift, as the steel-toed boots pinched at her toes, she’d use a machine press to churn out about a thousand parts and pack them into containers. “Maybe you’re working in a place that isn’t necessarily where you live, maybe you’re working extremely early in the morning….That can create more difficulties finding child care,” said Sara Estep, an economist with the left-leaning think tank Center for American Progress. “Women are just so much more likely to take on the caregiving roles.” Other industries in Houston — hospitality and food services, education and health care — all have a larger share of women and lower earnings. “To have little money on the side for my kids, I had to find a way….It wasn’t easy, but I knew I had to do it.” Caretaking and completing degrees This summer, Hernandez toggled between tabs on her computer. Houston and the surrounding 13 counties, which make up the metro area, have about 465,000 licensed child-care seats, but only 44,000 are subsidized for low-income families, according to an analysis from Children at Risk. If you don’t have child care to support you to go to work, how do you get those jobs?” Texas’ child care subsidy program is meant to help working parents, but about 28,000 parents in the Houston area are on the waiting list, according to the Gulf Coast Workforce Board, which helps distribute the subsidy. Hidalgo has proposed a sales tax as a way to make the funding source permanent, but the proposal failed to pass the Commissioners Court and did not appear on the November ballot. Texas is one of the few states that doesn’t give its major cities direct operating funds for public transit, according to Peter Eccles, director of policy and planning at transportation advocacy group LINK Houston. “We need more revenue to run the level of service that would let people take a job or a class that’s otherwise out of reach because of transportation.” Jasmin Romano plays with her son at Kids Empire, a play place in North Houston, on Monday, Aug. The child care center around the corner from her house would be most convenient, but that would cost her about $1,500 a month, which eclipses what she earns in a small stipend as a community advocate.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17220667/texas-public-schools-dei-lgbtq-ban
Article: A coalition of Texas LGBTQ and teacher advocacy groups, students and a teacher are asking Trump-appointed Judge Charles Eskridge of the Southern District of Texas in Houston to halt all Texas public K-12 and charter school districts from enforcing parts of a state law that schools have leveraged to cut Gender and Sexualities Alliance (GSA) clubs and bar teachers from using gender-affirming pronouns. Senate Bill 12 bans programming related to diversity, equity and inclusion; prohibits employees from discussing gender identity and sexual orientation and helping students “socially transition” their gender by using preferred names and pronouns; and bars clubs based on gender identity and sexual orientation. Also dubbed the “Parents’ Bill of Rights,” the sweeping law requires schools to publish course content, distribute parental opt-in forms for health services and sexuality lessons and to create a process for parents to report violations of the law. The plaintiffs say SB 12 lacks clarity and strips students of their First Amendment rights to receive information and gather, while the attorneys for Texas argue that SB 12 enhances parents’ control over their child’s education. The Florida lawsuit ended with a settlement that resulted in Florida clarifying and narrowing the provisions in the law to still allow GSAs and faculty to reference gender identity and sexual orientation outside of lessons. However, the Texas case, GSA Network v Morath et al., raises new questions, including whether schools can forbid faculty from using students’ gender-affirming names and pronouns if their parents request it. First Amendment and vagueness arguments SB 12 bars school districts from developing trainings, programs and activities that reference race, color, ethnicity, gender identity and sexual orientation — also considered the DEI provisions in the law — and requires them to punish employees or contractors who engage in DEI. Some schools have cut GSAs and compelled faculty to call transgender students by their “deadnames,” outing them and leading some to stop participating in class to avoid hearing a name that causes them anguish. As defense for Texas Education Agency Commissioner Mike Morath, Attorney General Ken Paxton argues that laws need not offer “perfect clarity and precise guidance,” and that SB 12 “is surely valid ‘in the vast majority of its intended applications.’” The defense rejects the First Amendment claim, saying it doesn’t protect speech by school districts or their employees. But unlike Florida, which allowed gender-affirming names and pronouns, Texas bars faculty from assisting students in socially transitioning — including using names or pronouns that differ from their biological sex. Ron DeSantis called the outcome a “major win” for upholding the law, while plaintiff Equality Florida said in a statement that the “agreement successfully dismantles the most harmful impacts of the law.” The settlement appeared to be in the parties’ best interest to end what was poised to become a long and costly battle, Jon Harris Maurer of Equality Florida told The Texas Tribune. He said SB 12 “prohibits a substantial amount of speech that ought to be protected.” A federal ruling over the summer also portends threats to the DEI ban in SB 12, after a Maryland judge rejected the U.S. Education Department’s threat to pull funding over DEI practices at public schools, ruling that the directive placed viewpoint-based restrictions on classroom speech and was unclear what kind of DEI initiatives were prohibited. It remains unclear whether SB 12 limits safe-space posters and student art about LGBTQ+ themes, informal student clubs and whether faculty can use preferred names and pronouns with parental consent. “I don’t know if you can come up with one definition that would completely capture all the expressions, but I think most everybody knows exactly what that provision is talking about,” said Matt Krause of First Liberty, a legal organization dedicated to religious rights. He said the “heart” of SB 12 is to strengthen parental rights by ensuring that social transitioning doesn’t occur without parental approval and by allowing parents to shield their children from content the government deems unfavorable.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17220668/texas-voters-citizenship-check-secretary-of-state-department-of-public-safety
Article: County election officials investigating the eligibility of 2,724 Texas voters flagged as potential noncitizens have so far found that hundreds of the voters registered through the state Department of Public Safety, which requires proof of citizenship from anyone registering to vote while obtaining a driver’s license or state ID. But the Texas Secretary of State’s Office told Votebeat and The Texas Tribune it did not check the voters flagged as potential noncitizens against DPS’ records before sending the list to county election officials to verify citizenship. And at least one county election official has asked Texas Secretary of State Jane Nelson and DPS for help checking DPS’ records but has yet to obtain access to them, according to documents obtained by Votebeat through a public records request and an interview. When Celia Israel, who oversees voter registration for Travis County, asked the state for help determining voters’ citizenship, Nelson’s office directed her to DPS, according to a letter Israel sent Nelson’s office last month. But on Monday, DPS responded to a request for comment from Votebeat and said it had “recently received” a request from Nelson’s office for information on 97 people — also the number of potential noncitizens the state had asked Travis County to investigate. “These are tools that are at our disposal to ensure accuracy, and I think it’s our responsibility to use those tools before we ask a voter to demonstrate citizenship,” she said. SAVE flagged several voters who registered at DPS State officials generated the list of potential noncitizens by checking the state’s voter roll — more than 18 million registered voters — against a federal database used to verify citizenship. But experts and election officials have raised concerns about the SAVE database’s accuracy and reliability, and advocacy groups have filed a federal lawsuit challenging the changes and how SAVE is being used. The Texas Secretary of State’s Office in October forwarded the results of the SAVE check to county election officials and instructed them to investigate the eligibility of the flagged voters. Phillips also confirmed that the county has now canceled the registrations of 58 flagged voters who either failed to respond to the county’s notices or had the notices returned as undeliverable. Citizenship and Immigration Services’ SAVE database “is the most current and accurate data set available to states when it comes to determining a voter’s citizenship.” Nelson said her office searched the SAVE database using voters’ first names, last names, dates of birth, and full Social Security numbers. “Even though the data we received from SAVE is considered a strong match, we directed counties to treat them as weak matches in order to ensure that counties conducted their own investigation,” Nelson wrote, according to a copy of her letter obtained by Votebeat. Alicia Pierce, a spokesperson for the Texas Secretary of State’s Office, said an example of a strong match that would result in county officials removing someone from the rolls without further investigation or notice would be a confirmed death record. Texas has struggled to identify noncitizens before Every year, millions of Texans register to vote or update their voter registration information while obtaining a driver’s license or ID at DPS. Israel and other election officials have raised concerns about the accuracy of the list of potential noncitizens forwarded by the Texas Secretary of State, citing issues in the wake of the state’s past attempts to flag noncitizens on the voter rolls. In 2019, the Secretary of State’s Office announced that it had identified 95,000 registered voters as potential noncitizens and said that more than half of them had previously cast ballots. Those new procedures, which were codified into law in 2021 through the sweeping Senate Bill 1, require that DPS share data monthly with the Texas Secretary of State’s Office in connection with individuals who provided proof that they were not U.S. State officials run that data against the voter roll and identify individuals “who registered to vote before they presented documents at a DPS office indicating their non-citizenship,” according to a 2021 advisory from the office to counties.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/tip-iceberg-hong-kongs-deadly-blaze-raises-anger-128027200
Article: As Hong Kong mourns after a high-rise fire killed at least 151 people, anger is mounting over building safety lapses and government oversight People offer flowers for the victims near the site of a deadly fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Tuesday, Dec 2, 2025. (AP Photo/Chan Long Hei) People offer flowers for the victims near the site of a deadly fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories on Tuesday, Dec 2, 2025. As the territory mourns over the high-rise apartment fire that killed at least 151 people, anger and frustration are mounting over building safety lapses, suspected construction corruption and lax government oversight. Police and the city's anti-corruption body have arrested 14 people so far in a wide-ranging probe into a multi-million dollar renovation project at the Wang Fuk Court apartment complex, where the fire broke out on Wednesday. “The question (one) should be asking, really is that, what happened at Wang Fuk Court, can it happen elsewhere?” said Steve Tsang, director of the SOAS China Institute in London. Hong Kong officials initially said tests of green netting covering bamboo scaffolding at the housing complex in suburban Tai Po showed that it met fire safety codes, but highly flammable foam panels used to seal windows during the repairs, aided by strong winds, caused the blaze to spread swiftly between seven of the eight towers in the complex. Authorities said there was evidence contractors cut costs by using cheaper substandard netting along with standard materials to pad their profits, after a typhoon in July damaged some of the netting originally installed. “Because of all that we now know -- or believe we know -- about bid-rigging, collusion, corruption, no fire alarms, government negligence, all of these things have come out.” As a precaution, authorities suspended work on renovations at 28 other projects managed by the same construction company. Residents of Wang Fuk Court had been voicing safety concerns to the authorities about construction materials such as netting used in the renovations, according to documents reviewed by The Associated Press. It also said it had conducted 16 inspections at the complex since last year -- most recently about a week before the fire -- and had warned contractors repeatedly they had to ensure they met fire safety requirements. “The focus of the people’s anger is on not so much the kinds of materials used (but the) lack of supervision and oversight from (government) departments,” said Willy Lam, a political analyst and senior fellow at The Jamestown Foundation. This is not the problem of the those who enforce the laws, right?” Critics say bid-rigging and other collusion, inflated costs and a lack of transparency are common in Hong Kong projects. Multi-layered subcontracting chains, which are common for big projects, raise the risks for substandard work and limited oversight, said Jason Poon, a contractor turned activist who has exposed problems at other Hong Kong construction projects. Hong Kong, a former British colony that was handed to Chinese control in 1997, increasingly has cracked down on dissent and criticism of the government, which is deemed politically sensitive. On Saturday, the organizer of a petition calling for officials to take responsibility for the fire was arrested by national security police, local media including the online media outlet HK01 reported. The Office for Safeguarding National Security in Hong Kong warned that the city’s tough national security law would be imposed against “anti-China” forces who use the fire to “incite hatred against authorities”.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/bulgarias-government-withdraws-controversial-budget-after-major-protests-128027462
Article: Bulgaria’s government said Tuesday it is withdrawing a controversial budget proposal after protests against it drew tens of thousands of people and saw clashes between police and protesters Police clash with protesters during a rally against austerity measures in next year's draft budget, in Sofia, Monday, Dec 1, 2025. (AP Photo/Valentina Petrova) SOFIA, Bulgaria -- SOFIA, Bulgaria (AP) — Bulgaria's government said Tuesday it is withdrawing a controversial budget proposal after protests against it drew tens of thousands of people and saw clashes between police and protesters. The government first promised to withdraw the draft for thorough revision after protests last week, but later refused to do so, sparking protests in the capital, Sofia, and other major cities Monday night. In front of the Parliament, banners were displayed reading “Generation Z is Coming” and “Young Bulgaria Without the Mafia.” Organizers urged demonstrators to keep the protest peaceful, warning that provocations were possible and calling on anyone witnessing such acts to record them.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/resilient-face-trump-tariffs-world-economy-forecast-grow-128027463
Article: The world economy has proven surprisingly durable in the face of President Donald Trump’s trade wars, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said Tuesday, upgrading its outlook for global and U.S. economic growth this year Resilient in face of Trump tariffs, world economy is forecast to grow 3.2% this year, OECD says FILE - Ship containers are stacked at the Panama Canal Balboa port, operated by the Panama Ports Company, in Panama City, Sept. (AP Photo/Matias Delacroix, File) WASHINGTON -- The world economy has proven surprisingly durable in the face of President Donald Trump’s trade wars, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said Tuesday, upgrading its outlook for global and U.S. The 38-country OECD now forecasts that the world economy will grow 3.2% this year, down a tick from 3.3% in 2024 but an improvement on the 2.9% it had predicted for 2025 back in June. “The global economy has been resilient this year, despite concerns about a sharper slowdown in the wake of higher trade barriers and significant policy uncertainty,” OECD Secretary-General Mathias Cormann wrote in a commentary accompanying the forecasts.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/sudan-army-refutes-claim-that-rsf-has-seized-key-city-of-babnusa?traffic_source=rss
Article: “But what we can definitely confirm is that when it comes to the army headquarters itself, the RSF has taken control of that.” If the RSF consolidates control of Babnusa, it will have “solidified its control over the West Kordofan region” and along with it “any major access ways to the western part of the country”, she said. Advertisement “For the Sudanese army to get to parts of Darfur or to other parts of Kordofan, it has to go through Babnusa,” said Morgan, so losing the city would make regaining territory in Darfur even more challenging. The latest clashes also appear to break the unilateral ceasefire that was announced by the RSF following mediation efforts from the “Quad” – Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and the United States. The government statement called the announced ceasefire “nothing but a political and media ploy intended to cover up [the RSF’s] field movements and the continuous flow of Emirati support that fuels the war and kills Sudanese people”. It also brings the RSF several steps closer to Khartoum.” The RSF were forced out of the Sudanese capital in March, with the SAF appearing to be in the ascendancy in the more-than-two-year war. “The RSF has momentum, which they will carry on through with,” said Dallia Abdelmoniem, a Sudanese political analyst, who pointed out that an RSF ally, the SPLM-N, already controls the Nuba Mountains region of South Kordofan.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/environment/story/2025-12-02/californias-new-hazardous-waste-plan-worries-environmentalists
Article: A California environmental oversight board approved a state plan outlining strategies to safely reduce hazardous waste — despite sharp criticism from environmental groups who say several aspects of the plan could invite deregulation. A 2021 state law directed the California Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) to publish a plan every three years, outlining the state’s approach to minimize the generation, disposal and incineration of hazardous waste. Advertisement “We find this plan to be extremely deregulatory and paving a path for DTSC to adopt more loopholes for industry,” said Andrea Loera, an attorney with San Francisco-based nonprofit Earthjustice. “Excluding hazardous waste from the law,” she continued, “does not make hazardous waste dangers magically disappear.” The Board of Environmental Safety, a five-member committee tasked with supervising DTSC, voted 4-1 to approve the plan. we, as a board, our mandate is to ensure that does not come to pass.” Advertisement Board member Ingrid Brostrom echoed those sentiments, ultimately voting in favor of the plan. There is a loophole, which has also caused an uproar among environmental advocates: Oftentimes, industry and government agencies opt to export California hazardous waste waste to municipal landfills in neighboring states that rely on the less-restrictive federal rules. Environmentalists said they worry this would put more communities at risk, noting the largest environmental cleanup in California’s history are lead-contaminated homes near a former battery recycling plant in Southeast Los Angeles County. “It is not the time for us to stand on par with the federal government which is trying to dismantle hazardous waste protections,” said Ivana Castellanos, an organizer with Physicians for Social Responsibility. 17 meeting, the board said it would consider requiring DTSC to set hazardous waste reduction and diversion goals for the next iteration of the plan, which is due in 2028.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/san-bernardino-mass-shooting-ten-years-later-muslims-trump
Article: His last words, as he held his terrified colleague close, were, “I got you.” Advertisement Johnson’s death “changed the whole trajectory of my life,” Pifer said through tears in a recent interview. has suffered deadlier shootings since San Bernardino — including the 2016 massacre at Pulse, an LGBTQ+ nightclub in Orlando, Fla., in which another American inspired by online terrorist propaganda killed 49 — but the December 2015 California attack had the most sweeping impact on American politics, and ushered in the nation’s current era of divisive immigration enforcement. Less than a week after the killings, then-presidential candidate Donald Trump used the tragedy to call for “a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country’s representatives can figure out what the hell is going on.” His proposed “Muslim ban” was widely criticized, including from members of his own party. But Trump stood by his words, saying on “Good Morning America” that “we are now at war.” That proposal was so popular with Republican voters, it helped propel Trump to the party’s nomination the following summer and helped win him the election in November 2016. A week after taking the oath of office in January 2017, Trump imposed a ban on people traveling from seven majority Muslim countries, but not Pakistan or Saudi Arabia, where Malik had lived. An Afghan national — who was granted asylum in the United States after working with the CIA in his native country — has been charged with first-degree murder in the shooting, which killed one of the soldiers and left the other in critical condition. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) A month earlier, terrorists trained by Islamic State in Syria had killed 130 people in a string of suicide bombings and a mass shooting in the center of Paris. Understandably, they were not on any security force’s radar and had no apparent links to international terror networks — until Malik pledged allegiance to the ISIS leader on Facebook shortly before the attack. Advertisement Investigators later discovered that the two had discussed jihad and martyrdom in private online chats for at least two years before that fateful day, and that they had drawn inspiration from Islamic State’s robust social media, which included videos depicting a Jordanian pilot being burned to death inside a locked cage and the beheadings of two American journalists. “That really got the FBI’s attention and galvanized them to start looking at the propaganda ISIS was putting out” on YouTube and through other online platforms, said Robert Pape, a professor who studies terrorism and other security threats at the University of Chicago. (Christina House/Los Angeles Times) “I disagreed with it completely,” said Renee Wetzel, who was 32 years old when her husband, Mike, was killed in the attack, leaving her to raise their six kids without him. Wetzel said she was shocked that the entire populations of those countries — amounting to millions of people — could be banned from traveling to America because of an evil act committed by two individuals, one of whom was born and raised in the U.S. “When did we stop caring about other people?” In Muslim communities, alarm and dread Muslims including Hussam Ayloush, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Los Angeles, center, pray at Dar Al Uloom Al-Islamiyah of America, a mosque in San Bernardino, on Nov. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Ayloush bought some for them, adding: “It broke my heart because no one there in that house was guilty of anything.” Advertisement Burying the shooters became a separate ordeal. Still, because of community efforts, the region largely avoided “this becoming an act that pitted people against each other on the basis of religion or nationality.” 1 2 3 4 1. Advertisement “We couldn’t let people come back to their cubicles because there were so many people missing,” said San Bernardino County Assessor Josie Gonzales, who was a county supervisor at the time. Outside the San Bernardino County Government Center, there’s now a Curtain of Courage — 14 bronze alcoves, each curved like a protective wall and dedicated to one of the victims. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times) For law enforcement, the quick and decisive response to secure the scene — so the surviving victims could begin receiving aid — became a global model for how to handle mass shootings. “Unfortunately, even after all this time, those sounds are not forgotten.” It took only a few minutes — which felt like “eternity,” Sandoval said — to determine the shooters had fled through a separate exit. (Christina House / Los Angeles Times) Since then, the actions of those four officers have become a textbook example of how to respond, taught in law enforcement training seminars around the world. Retired San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan said the heroism of his officers that day provided a recruiting boost to the beleaguered department, which had lost more than a third of its members due to municipal bankruptcy. “It restored a little bit of pride.” “Thought we were going to be together forever” A memorial bench in San Bernardino honors those who lost their lives or had lives changed in the terrorist attack. And every challenge is a little harder because he’s not around.” Like everyone else interviewed for this story, Meins said she has noticed that interest in the San Bernardino shooting has waned significantly over the last decade. Advertisement With the roar of gunfire long faded, and the urgent call to action colliding with the slow grind of politics as usual, what’s left for most survivors is a profound sense of loss, an emptiness that nothing quite fills. But her kids, who ranged from 1 year old to 14 at the time of the shooting, have now spent a decade passing milestones — birthdays, father-daughter dances, driving tests — without their dad at their side. Every night when Mike came home, she would meet him at the door, give him a hug and a kiss, and then hand off the baby, Wetzel said with a chuckle.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/did-google-ai-tool-school-students
Article: “It’s hard enough to teach in the age of AI, and now we have to navigate this?” Advertisement Keeping up with students’ methods of cheating has always been a cat-and-mouse game for teachers. In a recent nationwide survey, the organization found that more than 70% of teachers say that because of AI, they have concerns about whether students’ work is actually their own. The study, “Your Brain on ChatGPT,” found that students who use AI for help writing essays showed significantly less cognitive activity than those who didn’t, and often couldn’t remember details from essays they had just written. The California Department of Education offers extensive guidance on how teachers can use AI in the classroom, but no strict requirements — even regarding students who use AI to cheat. Instead, the video encourages teachers to come up with essay assignments that can’t be easily written by a machine, or require students to provide their notes and cite AI just like they would cite any other source for an essay. A recent survey by RAND research organization found only 34% of teachers said their school or district had consistent policies related to AI and cheating, and 80% of students said their teachers haven’t provided guidance on how to use AI for schoolwork. Because there are few clear rules about AI use, students and teachers tend to have “significantly” different views about what constitutes cheating, according to a recent report by the education nonprofit Project Tomorrow. “It’s adults’ responsibility to fix that, and if adults don’t get on the same page they will make it harder for kids who actually want to do the ‘right’ thing.” Digital literacy and academic integrity Google has no plans to remove Lens from its Chrome browsers, even on school-issued laptops, although it is continuing to test various levels of accessibility. Advertisement “Students have told us they value tools that help them learn and understand things visually, so we have been running tests offering an easier way to access Lens while browsing,” said Google spokesman Craig Ewer. “We continue to work closely with educators and partners to improve the helpfulness of our tools that support the learning process.” School administrators also have the option of disabling Lens on district-issued Chromebooks. Los Angeles Unified has decided to keep Lens on its student laptops, at least for now, because the tool has plenty of positive uses that students should have the opportunity to explore the technology, a district spokesperson said. Advertisement But the district has instituted some guardrails: the tool is only available to students who have completed a lesson on digital literacy, and students and teachers must comply with the district’s academic integrity and responsible-use-of-technology rules.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/memo-to-nice-americans-youre-all-illegal-now
Article: On Thanksgiving evening, as Americans offered grace for their blessings and feasted with loved ones, President Trump’s contribution to the country’s dinner table was the digital equivalent of a flaming turd pie. On social media, he published a screed that drew from his tried-and-true playbook — personal insults against political enemies, slanders against immigrants, oscillating between calling his opponents “nice” and “STUPID.” This time, though, Trump went lower and nastier than he has ever gone before — no, really. Advertisement Freely switching between “refugee,” “foreign national,” “migrant” and “illegal,” he declared immigration “the leading cause of social dysfunction in America” and insisted that “only REVERSE MIGRATION can fully cure this situation.” That’s an idea the farthest fringes of the American right have preached going back to the days of slavery, when some wanted freed Black people sent back to Africa, lest they poison democracy. In recent years, it’s been proposed by so-called Heritage Americans who insist the United States rightfully — and only — belongs to folks whose ancestors were roughing it on the frontier back in the days when passenger pigeons blotted out the sun. Voices Arellano: With Manifest Destiny art, DHS goes hard on ‘white makes right’ The Heritage American movement maintains that those Americans whose ancestors have been here for generations are more deserving of this nation’s riches than those of us whose families came over within living memory. Trump also wrote that he wants a “major reduction” in “disruptive populations” — “anyone who is not a net asset to the United States, or is incapable of loving our Country ... (Gregory Bull / Associated Press) Advertisement It’s why Trump wants to send in the military at the slightest protest against his policies, why he called Democratic lawmakers “traitors” for daring to remind military members that they swore an oath to uphold the Constitution and not illegal commands by rogue leaders. Trump is now using the deadly attack on the National Guard troops as cover not just to halt all asylum applications but to propose booting from this country anyone who isn’t 100% with him — even if you’re a citizen or a legal resident. If you dare show decency or even tolerance to people without papers, you want to “destroy everything that America stands for,” and “you won’t be here for long!” per the president. for the first time since the 1960s — but his obsession might be costing him supporters when he’ll soon need all of their votes to keep Congress under his command. But like a gambler who’s already lost everything at Texas hold ‘em, Team Trump isn’t wise enough to walk away from the deportation table — they’re doubling down on their one, tired hand. But if there’s a silver lining, it’s that more Americans might adopt the mindset of someone who’s “illegal.” To live under a regime that wants you disappeared is no fun. As someone whose elders used to be undocumented and who grew up in a world where la migra loomed over too many loved ones like the sword of Damocles, I wish that status on no one. It’s their spirit and pluck — not the eternal whine of Trumpworld — that reminds me why this country and its principles are worth defending as bad as the times may be.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/va-has-plan-for-trumps-center-for-warrior-independence-in-west-la
Article: Department of Veterans Affairs released a document suggesting that the renovation of two shuttered, historic buildings on its West Los Angeles campus will be the first step in a plan to create a Center for Warrior Independence called for in an executive order by President Trump. A notice inviting potential developers to an “industry day” on the campus Wednesday identifies the “seed” project as the renovation of Building 13 and the adjacent Building 306 into “a vibrant, service-oriented space that honors its historical significance.” It describes an expansive purpose that “provides ease of access to all VA veteran benefits and services, inspires veteran personal wellness and professional development, and provides meeting spaces and food options to the entire Los Angeles Veteran community to gather.” Advertisement That description represents an apparent shift from plans to convert a portion of Building 13 into veteran housing, a change that would align with VA critics who have advocated for a vibrant town center focused in Building 13 that would be a gathering place for veterans from across the Los Angeles region. “It’s a paradigm shift in terms of planning for the future,” said Anthony Allman, executive director of Vets Advocacy, a nonprofit created through the 2015 settlement of a lawsuit requiring the VA to build housing on the 388-acre property. Advertisement “If they do it right, it could save them real time and money,” said Dan Rosenfeld, a former facilities director for the state of California and city of Los Angeles who has served as a community member on an advisory board for the campus. That’s a heavy lift.” Advertisement The use of long-term leases to keep construction costs off the federal budget has been blamed for the slow progress in creating 1,200 units of veteran housing required by the 2015 settlement and was a key issue in a follow-up lawsuit filed in 2022 when only 54 units had been completed. The selection of Building 13 as a “seed” project resonates with complaints from the veterans advisory board that the VA’s leasing program veered away from the description of a town center in a 2016 master plan drawn up in response to the settlement. Advertisement “Focusing on Building 13 early has a chance to make a statement that this place is more than just a bunch of dormitories,” Rosenfeld, the former advisory board member, said. Now I think there is a shift to acknowledging that you need a communal center to create a complete environment.” The H-shaped 1929 Art Deco building was designed by the Koerner & Gage firm best known for its design of the Beverly Hills City Hall. “Its location brings visitors into The Quad and Parade Ground and activates the space by adding a lively element with 24/7 activities,” a panel of development and real estate professionals convened by the Urban Land Institute wrote. The VA notice described the goal in consistent, though more general terms as transforming the building into the “Veterans Independence Center which informs and provides ease of access to all VA Veteran benefits and services, inspires Veteran personal wellness and professional development, and provides meeting spaces and food options to the entire Los Angeles Veteran community to gather.” Advertisement The notice said the purpose of the industry day is to “gather information from the contractor community at large,” and that it is not a request for proposals.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/if-elected-this-city-council-candidate-says-he-will-live-in-trailer-at-macarthur-park
Article: Raul Claros, a 45-year-old community organizer hoping to unseat Councilmember Eunisses Hernandez, said he will use the trailer as his home and office, taking meetings there, until the park is “cleared out and cleaned up.” Advertisement “We need to do something out of the box,” Claros said. “MacArthur Park itself and the immediate area has now become a disaster zone, a multilayered crisis.” Claros, who lives in Chinatown, acknowledged his plan is a publicity stunt but hopes the publicity will get results. Norm Langer, who owns the iconic Langers Delicatessen on the southeast end of the park, has said he might have to close, asserting that crime and homelessness are keeping customers away. (Brian van der Brug/Los Angeles Times) Claros, who was executive director of the American Red Cross Los Angeles Region, most recently founded a nonprofit called California Rising, which advocates for safer, cleaner neighborhoods and describes itself on Instagram as “questioning DSA policies” — a reference to the Democratic Socialists of America. “If any department wants my vote for their budget, they will have a list of items that need to be fixed before they get any vote,” Claros wrote in an Instagram post. L.A.’s MacArthur Park needs a champion now MacArthur Park needs someone to say, ‘not on my watch.’ It’s unacceptable that severely incapacitated people stagger about like ghosts, their bodies twisted, their eyes vacant. He said he would use the city’s anti-camping laws to drive homeless people from the park and hopes to work with the district attorney to enforce a proposition passed in 2024 that authorized greater consequences for drug dealers whose sales of fentanyl result in a death.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2025-12-02/chabria-column-trump-response-immigrants-national-guard-killing
Article: It’s important that we stop for a moment and recognize the unacceptable terror of two people serving our country being gunned down in an apparently targeted attack just blocks from the White House a day before Thanksgiving. While we’ve seen it before, this time Trump’s attack on non-white immigrants seems like a move not to placate his MAGA voters but to marginalize them — an embrace of an increasingly powerful farther-right-than-MAGA contingent of his base that is open in its disdain for pluralism and equality. Advertisement Shortly after the tragedy in Washington, Trump vowed on social media to “remove anyone who is not a net asset to the United States, or is incapable of loving our Country.” Please note that he completely dropped any charade of this being about violent criminals or even those who crossed the border illegally — the people MAGA (and many others) thought would be targeted in an immigration crackdown. Advertisement The America First folks, led by Nick Fuentes, are the most high-profile of these types outside of the administration, but there are other groups, some affiliated and some openly hostile of one another, that are amassing power both within the Republican base and in its power structure. On the inside, one need look no further than the ranting of Stephen Miller for proof that racism is increasingly official Trump policy, stretching far beyond closing our borders or removing undocumented people. He promised in a social media post a few days ago to “denaturalize migrants who undermine domestic tranquility, and deport any Foreign National who is a public charge, security risk, or non-compatible with Western Civilization. Before you hit the keyboard to tell me it’s just another Trump rant with no teeth, check out the official account of the Labor Department, which recently posted a picture of the Lincoln Memorial with the text (in a font associated with the Third Reich) that reads, “(t)he fight for Western Civilization has begun — and Americanism will Prevail.” Or look at the Department of Homeland Security, which recently posted “Remigration now,” and has for months also been claiming we are in a battle for “Western civilization.” Advertisement That particular term, remigration, is used by far-right believers of the Great Replacement Theory for the idea that white-majority counties can only survive if they — peacefully or violently — remove non-white people. Voices Chabria: Trump is exploiting Ruby Garcia’s death to depict immigrants as ‘animals’ In politicizing the death of Ruby Garcia, the Republican former president is stoking fear for votes — and ignoring the many women killed in a crisis of violent men. Advertisement The media have started referring to Trump as a “lame duck” on his way out, ignoring to the point of journalistic malpractice his groundwork to undermine or even rig the next election — whether the GOP candidate is a third-term Trump or a not-so-great-replacement like Vice President JD Vance. Advertisement At the same time, the midterms are less than a year away, and the election deniers Trump has installed in key posts are already working to create systems that will likely make it harder for poor and marginalized Americans to vote.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/santa-barbara-housing-project-monique-limon-exemption
Article: The fallout was swift: The developer sued the state and a Santa Barbara lawmaker, the powerful new president of the state Senate, is under scrutiny over her role in the bill. (Kayla Bartkowski / Los Angeles Times) Advertisement The saga highlights the governor’s and state Legislature’s growing influence in local housing decisions, and the battle between cities and Sacramento to address California’s critical housing shortage. Advertisement ‘A horrendous nightmare’ The fight started last year after developers Craig and Stephanie Smith laid out ambitious plans for an eight-story housing project with at least 250 apartments at 505 East Los Olivos St. Advertisement If cities and counties fail to develop plans by each eight-year deadline, a provision kicks in called “builder’s remedy.” It allows developers to bypass local zoning restrictions and build bigger, denser projects as long as low or moderate-income units are included. Advertisement He said older generations in California resisted change, leaving the state to come in with “heavy-handed, one-size-fits-all policies to force cities to do something about housing.” Santa Barbara, a wealthy city that attracts celebrities, bohemian artist-types and environmental activists, has a long history of fighting to keep its small-town feel. “Proposing projects like this undermines support for building density in Santa Barbara.” Similar pushback has been seen in Santa Monica, Huntington Beach and other small cities as developers scramble to use the builder’s remedy law. A notable example recently played out in La Cañada Flintridge , where developers pushed through a mixed-use project with 80 units on a 1.29-acre lot despite fierce opposition from the city. Advertisement Still, the controversial law doesn’t exempt developments from review under the California Environmental Quality Act, known as CEQA, the state’s landmark policy requiring a study of the project’s effects on traffic, air quality and more. The developers behind the Los Olivos Street project sought to avoid the environmental review, however, because of a new state law that allows many urban infill projects to avoid such requirements. When the Los Olivos developers asked city officials about using AB 130 for their project, a Santa Barbara community developer director told them in July 2025 that the CEQA review was necessary. “We don’t want to come off as NIMBYs,” resident Fred Sweeney, who opposes the project, said, referring to the phrase “not in my backyard.” Sweeney, an architect, and others started the nonprofit Smart Action for Growth and Equity to highlight the Los Olivos project and a second one planned by the same developer. Advertisement A ‘really strange’ bill Buried deep in Senate Bill 158, the bill passed by state lawmakers targeting the Los Olivos project, is a mention of the state law around infill urban housing developments. Developments in “a city with more than 85,000 but fewer than 95,000 people, and within a county of between 440,00 and 455,000 people,” and which are also near a historical landmark, regulatory floodway and watershed, are not exempt, the bill stated. Advertisement Limón, who was born and raised in Santa Barbara, confirmed that she did talk to Sweeney — who started the nonprofit to fight the development — about opposition to the development. “Every piece of legislation I author or review, I do so based on the needs of our state but also with the lens of the community I represent — whether that is housing, education, environmental protections or any other issues that come across my desk,” Limón said. (Kayla Bartkowski / Los Angeles Times) The suit claims that Limón promoted and ushered the bill through the state Senate, argues that it should be overturned and questions the required environmental review, which would likely add years to its timeline and millions to its budget. Advertisement Stephanie Smith, one of the developers, told The Times that the bill was born of the “protests of wealthy homeowners, many of whom cosplay as housing advocates until the proposed housing is in their neighborhood.” “As a former homeless student who worked full time and lived in my car, I know what it means to struggle to afford housing. Advertisement “It’s hard to ignore when legislation is drafted in a narrowly tailored way — especially when such language appears late in the process with little public input,” said Sean McMorris of good government group California Common Cause. “Bills developed in this manner risk fostering public cynicism about the legislative process and the motivations behind narrowly focused policymaking.” UC Davis School of Law professor Chris Elmendorf, who specializes in housing policy, called the bill’s specific language “really strange” and questioned whether it would survive a legal challenge. “Local groups that don’t want the project are going to the legislature to get the relief that, in a previous era, they would have gotten from their city council,” Elmendorf said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/fortunate-flags-broncos-extended-win-streak-9-officials-128028371
Article: The Denver Broncos' 27-26 victory in overtime at Washington extended their winning streak to nine games Fortunate flags: How the Broncos extended their win streak to 9 with a little help from officials Denver Broncos outside linebacker Nik Bonitto (15) blocks a pass attempt by Washington Commanders quarterback Marcus Mariota (8) on a failed two-point conversion attempt in overtime of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Nick Wass) Denver Broncos outside linebacker Nik Bonitto (15) blocks a pass attempt by Washington Commanders quarterback Marcus Mariota (8) on a failed two-point conversion attempt in overtime of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. The Broncos (10-2) stretched their winning streak to nine games with a 27-26 overtime thriller at Washington on Sunday night, but they were adied by three calls and one non-call that went their way in the waning minutes of the fourth quarter and overtime. The Commanders (3-9) overcame a pair of penalties on back-to-back snaps that raised both eyebrows and hackles on their final drive of regulation, which ended in a 32-yard field goal by Jake Moody as time expired. Expedited review showed Mariota was indeed down by contact 19 yards earlier but it was because edge rusher Dondrea Tillman had tripped him, which should have been a 15-yard flag on Denver. So, Washington instead faced third-and-21 from its 25-yard line and had to punt after Alex Singleton broke up Mariota’s deep pass to tight end Zach Ertz that would have given the Commanders a first down. On second-and-10 from the Washington 26, Commanders star receiver Terry McLaurin was interfered with by the NFL's reigning Defensive Player of the Year, Patrick Surtain II, who wrapped his right arm around McLaurin's neck before the ball arrived. And yes, there was a moment where he got set, but I don’t think at this point in the game that’s a foul.” So, the Commanders faced first-and-15 from their 46. By rule, that is not intentional grounding.” Unruffled, Mariota hit Ertz for 8 yards on fourth-and-6 from the Denver 45, then connected with Deebo Samuel for gains of 10 and 7 yards to help set up Moody's tying kick as the clock hit zeros. But Denver's defense was gassed, having just spent 18 plays on the field at the end of regulation and getting no help from the Broncos offense, which punted on its final three drives of regulation. While the Broncos defenders caught their breath on the sideline, Bo Nix hit tight end Evan Engram for a 41-yard gain to the Washington 11 that set up RJ Harvey's short touchdown run. But on the 2-point conversion attempt to win it, Broncos edge rusher Nik Bonitto was left unblocked and batted down Mariota's pass to wide-open running back Jeremy McNichols to secure Denver's ninth straight victory, all of which have required comebacks. It was just a matter of just finding another way to win the game, and we did that.” The Broncos, who have won their last four games by 10 points total, insist luck has nothing to do with their winning streak, their longest in 13 years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/clippers-slew-future-hall-famers-5-16-slew-128028347
Article: And at 5-16, they have a slew of problems Los Angeles Clippers forward Kawhi Leonard (2) prepares to shoot a free throw during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Miami Heat, Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky) Los Angeles Clippers forward Kawhi Leonard (2) prepares to shoot a free throw during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Miami Heat, Monday, Dec. “And we're not finding one at the moment.” Here's just some of what happened on Monday night: The Clippers missed 11 consecutive shots and let Miami go on a 30-2 run in the first half, gave up 12 unanswered points in 122 seconds to open the second half, and just when it seemed there was a tiny chance — what had been a 38-point Heat lead was trimmed to 12 with 2:00 left — Miami scored nine straight points in 52 seconds. “I would have never guessed that they were going to be 5-16 and where they’re at right now," said Miami's Norman Powell — who is on pace for the best season of his career, even better than the career-best numbers he put up last season with Los Angeles. And there's already some grumbling around the league about how Oklahoma City — the defending NBA champion off to a 20-1 start this season — could end up with the Clippers' first-round draft pick as part of the Paul George deal that sent Shai Gilgeous-Alexander to the Thunder years ago. “There's a fine line in this league, particularly now when there's parity and way more teams going for it and then you're seeing this new wave of teams that haven't necessarily been at the top of their conferences and see opportunity," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said after Miami's win over the Clippers. But only one of those seven teams recovered from such a bad start and won a playoff series — the 1977-78 Seattle SuperSonics, a team near and dear to the heart of Clippers owner Steve Ballmer, who tried to save the Sonics before he wound up buying the Clippers. “It's not going to be easy, but if you do things the right way things are going to start falling in line.” There's three-fourths of the season left to play, but the Clippers — a franchise with 14 consecutive winning seasons, the longest active streak in the league — sure seem to be running out of time to figure out how this will work.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/select/travel-tuesday-tips-credit-cards/
Article: Make the most of your next trip with one of these top travel credit cards Offers in this section are from affiliate partners and selected based on a combination of engagement, product relevance, compensation, and consistent availability. Travel Tuesday tips for securing cheap flights Outside of being fast or lucky enough to snag a comically good deal on Tuesday, many of the strategies for taking advantage of Travel Tuesday are universal. If you're itching to hit the slopes this winter, the Salt Lake City area is great, but you may have just as much fun in Colorado, Vermont or Lake Tahoe, California. Stack Travel Tuesday savings with a credit card A good rewards credit card can help you save on travel in more ways than just earning a few points or a bit of cash back on trips. When you book a flight with miles or points, you typically only pay the taxes and fees, which are $5.60 each way for domestic flights (with most U.S.-based loyalty programs). If you want a travel card that offers a little bit of everything, the Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card is a great option for earning rewards that you can transfer to partner airlines and hotels. But if navigating complicated travel loyalty programs isn't for you, you can still easily use your miles for your next vacation by redeeming them at 1 cent each to offset travel charges. Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More Credit score Good to Excellent 670–850 Regular APR 19.99% - 28.99% variable Annual fee $95 Welcome bonus Earn 75,000 miles Terms apply. Our expert take The Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card has a reasonable annual fee and earns flexible travel rewards, which makes it a great travel card for beginners or heavy travelers. Pros & cons Valuable welcome offer worth at least $750 in travel You can transfer miles to over 15 Capital One partners, including Emirates Skywards, Choice Privileges and Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer No foreign transaction fees Lacks ongoing travel benefits such as statement credits or lounge access Limited bonus spending category that only applies to certain Capital One Travel bookings More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. Enjoy a one-time bonus of 75,000 miles once you spend $4,000 on purchases within 3 months from account opening, equal to $750 in travel Earn unlimited 2X miles on every purchase, every day Earn 5X miles on hotels, vacation rentals and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel Miles won't expire for the life of the account and there's no limit to how many you can earn Receive up to a $120 credit for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck® Use your miles to get reimbursed for any travel purchase—or redeem by booking a trip through Capital One Travel Enjoy a $50 experience credit and other premium benefits with every hotel and vacation rental booked from the Lifestyle Collection Transfer your miles to your choice of 15+ travel loyalty programs Balance transfer fee $0 at the Transfer APR, 4% of the amount of each transferred balance that posts to your account at a promotional APR that Capital One may offer to you Foreign transaction fee None You can also save using card-linked offers with most of the major credit card issuers. These can apply to airlines, hotels, rental cars and other travel expenses and are available for eligible cards issued by Bank of America, Chase, American Express, Wells Fargo and more. For example, the Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card grants the primary cardholder and up to eight people traveling on the same Delta reservation a first checked bag at no charge (up to $70 per person on a round-trip Delta flight). The United℠ Explorer Card (see rates and fees) provides a free first checked bag on eligible United flights (when you pay for the flight with the card) for the primary cardholder and one companion. Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card CNBC Select Rating 4.8 Learn More On the American Express site CNBC Select Rating 4.8 Learn More On the American Express site Credit score Good to Excellent Regular APR 19.74%-28.74% Variable Annual fee $0 introductory annual fee for the first year, then $150 Welcome bonus Earn 50,000 bonus miles See rates and fees, terms apply. Our expert take The Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card has the right mix of benefits if you occasionally fly with Delta, such as free checked bags, priority boarding and discounts. Pros & cons Earn up to $300 in travel credit every year First checked bag free for you and up to eight companions on eligible flights Discounts on eligible in-flight purchases and on Delta award flights (Not applicable to partner-operated flights or to taxes and fees). Annual fee after the first year Delta flight credit benefit has a high spending requirement to earn More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. $200 Delta Flight Credit: After you spend $10,000 in purchases on your Card in a calendar year, you can receive a $200 Delta Flight Credit to use toward future travel. $100 Delta Stays Credit: Get up to $100 back per year as a statement credit after using your Delta SkyMiles® Gold American Express Card to book prepaid hotels or vacation rentals through Delta Stays on delta.com. United℠ Explorer Card CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase's site CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase's site Credit score Good to Excellent 670–850 Regular APR 20.24% - 28.74% Variable Annual fee $0 intro annual fee for the first year, then $150 Welcome bonus Earn 60,000 bonus miles See rates and fees. Our expert take The United℠ Explorer Card is worth it even if you only fly with United Airlines once or twice a year because you can take advantage of two United Club℠ passes per year when the primary cardmember or authorized user is traveling and you can receive free checked bags. Pros & cons No annual fee for the first year Unlocks upgrades for elite members on award flights Two free United Club airport lounge passes every year Valuable United Airlines perks, such as in-flight purchase discounts and the ability to earn elite status credit through credit card spending First checked bag free benefit requires you to pay for the flight with the card United Airlines has a dynamic award chart which can limit the value and flexibility of your miles More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. Earn 60,000 bonus miles $0 introductory annual fee for the first year, then $150 2x miles on United ® purchases, dining, and hotel stays when booked with the hotel purchases, dining, and hotel stays when booked with the hotel Free first checked bag - a savings of up to $160 per roundtrip. Priority boarding on United ® flights flights 2 United Club one-time passes per year - over a $100 value Over $500 in partner credits each year Up to $120 Global Entry, TSA PreCheck ® or NEXUS fee credit or NEXUS fee credit Member FDIC Balance transfer fee Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater Insurance It is rare to make a big purchase without being asked whether you want to add an extended warranty or pay for additional protection. Chase Sapphire Reserve® CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase’s site CNBC Select Rating 5.0 Learn More On Chase’s site Spotlight Get more than $2,700 in annual value with Sapphire Reserve. Up to $300 in annual travel credit each account anniversary year You can transfer rewards to all of Chase's travel partners including World of Hyatt, Southwest Rapid Rewards and many more Top-tier travel and shopping protections High annual fee Requires a high credit score More details Highlights Highlights shown here are provided by the issuer and have not been reviewed by CNBC Select's editorial staff. Plus, earn 3x points on dining worldwide & 1x points on all other purchases $300 annual travel credit as reimbursement for travel purchases charged to your card each account anniversary year. Plus, up to $120 towards Global Entry, NEXUS, or TSA PreCheck every 4 years Get up to $150 in statement credits every six months for a maximum of $300 annually for dining at restaurants that are part of Sapphire Reserve Exclusive Tables. Subscriptions run through 6/22/27 — a value of $250 annually Member FDIC Balance transfer fee Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each balance transfer, whichever is greater Subscribe to the CNBC Select Newsletter! While CNBC Select earns a commission from affiliate partners on many offers and links, we create all our content without input from our commercial team or any outside third parties, and we pride ourselves on our journalistic standards and ethics. Editorial Note: Opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the Select editorial staff’s alone, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any third party.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cr5zdeyd1eeo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Tax rises and tighter spending to hold back UK growth, OECD says 1 hour ago Share Save Nick Edser Business reporter Share Save Getty Images Tax rises and constraints on government spending will weigh on growth in the UK's economy, according to an influential global policy group. The OECD forecast the UK economy would be "steady" with growth of 1.4% this year before slowing to 1.2% in 2026, although its prediction for next year is an improvement on its previous estimate. The UK will be the second-fastest growing economy in the G7 this year, behind the US, the OECD predicts, and the third fastest in 2026 when it is overtaken by Canada. However, the OECD's forecasts are more pessimistic than those of the UK government's official forecaster, the Office for Budget Responsibility, which expects 1.5% growth this year, 1.4% next year and 1.5% in 2027. "The choices that I made at the Budget are expected to cut inflation by 0.4 percentage points, helping cut the cost of living for households and costs for our businesses." Shadow chancellor Mel Stride said: "Rachel Reeves promised growth but growth is expected to weaken next year, because of her choices. This is the cost of policies that punish work, businesses and investment." Reeves has come under pressure since delivering her Budget following accusations that she gave a misleading picture of the government's finances ahead of the announcement. The OECD said the government deficit should improve "substantially", but it added that care needed to be taken with changes to tax and spending "given substantial downside risks to growth and upside risks to inflation".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/ce9zdnrdyevo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: His parents even bought the next-door house, knocked it down and built a cricket pitch where Robin and his elder brother Chris could practise - complete with an early bowling machine - and hired ex-Natal player Grayson Heath to coach them. The younger Smith made it to the Natal squad at the age of 17, carrying drinks for the likes of Richards and another South Africa great, Mike Procter, but an early break came thanks to his brother. Chris Smith had featured for Glamorgan 2nd XI in 1979, scoring a century against Hampshire, who were impressed enough to offer him a contract for 1980 as a replacement overseas player while Gordon Greenidge was away with West Indies.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/02/parasite-cattle-mexico-trump-ban/
Article: Juan Manuel Fleischer’s ancestors ranched on the borderlands before the United States existed, and the Arizona resident’s business importing Mexican cattle across the modern-day frontier has survived decades of immigration politics and the construction of a towering steel wall. But that work has collapsed over the past year as an insidious threat shakes U.S.-Mexico relations and the American beef industry: The New World screwworm, a flesh-eating parasite that has resurged south of the border 60 years after it was mostly eradicated in U.S. But the gates have been shut to livestock for most of the past year, since a cow in southern Mexico tested positive last November for New World screwworm — maggots that burrow into warm-blooded animals, creating foul-smelling wounds and sometimes fatal weight loss. “We’re basically going broke.” The unprecedented closure, when a shrinking American cattle herd is contributing to near-record high beef prices, represents both a rare agreement on science and trade between the Biden and Trump administrations and the intense alarm shared by federal officials and the broader U.S. Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins has called keeping the parasite out of the country “a national security priority.” The blockade, however, has upended cross-border relationships forged over generations and financially strained Texas cattle feeders, New Mexico importers and Arizona ranchers. “We’re trying to almost beg the USDA to keep our Nogales border open,” said Jorge Maldonado, the mayor of Nogales, Arizona, where the livestock pens are empty at a port of entry that remains busy with produce imports. Maldonado has a small cattle operation across the border in the Mexican state of Sonora, and recently he sold about a dozen animals for $10,000 less than he would have fetched in the United States. He estimates that it has collected as much as 15 percent less in bed taxes this year because of the absence of Americans and Mexicans who typically stay overnight and “wine and dine” while negotiating over cattle that must be quarantined for three days on the Mexican side. The concern today is not that New World screwworm would wipe out American cattle, but that the cost of monitoring and controlling it would be enormous, experts and industry officials said. “It makes people very nervous.” He said the association is supportive of the border closure and other federal efforts to hold back the pest, though it wants speedier action on plans for an $8.5 million sterile fly production facility projected to open in Texas early next year. At a meeting with Rollins last month in Mexico City, Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum again pushed for the reopening of the border, calling it a “top priority.” But the USDA, which did not respond to questions for this article, has made clear it does not trust Mexico to control the threat. Maldonado, the Nogales mayor, said USDA officials who met with him and other Arizona officials and producers on Monday indicated it would stay shut at least until the end of the year. He and others involved in the trade say they feel confident that the New World screwworm could not slip past import protocols, which involve quarantining in Mexico, anti-parasite treatments and inspection by U.S. The loss of Mexican cattle, which in typical times represent about 3 to 4 percent of the American calf herd, has likely had only a “marginal impact” on prices, said Derrell Peel, an Oklahoma State University agricultural economist. After years of almost daily phone calls, he calls the Mexican producers he works with “some of my best friends.” These days, Rogers is down to about 27,000 head of cattle, he has cut a third of his workforce, and he says he is breaking even. “But I’ve just got to know that one of these days that border’s got to open back up.” Fifteen percent of the feeder cattle in Texas come from Mexico, the state’s agriculture commissioner, Sid Miller, said in an interview. He said he has sent proposals to White House officials, urging them to allow a “test opening” of imported Corriente cattle for rodeos and to deploy a specific fly bait. The shift “has been painful on one side of the ledger,” said Kevin Buse, chief executive of Champion Feeders in Hereford, Texas, who runs feedyards and ranches in Texas, Oklahoma and Nebraska. “We need to open slowly, we need to make sure that what we’re doing is good, and make sure we’re not stepping into a bear trap.” But the change to Buse’s business is felt by Alvaro Bustillos, president of Vaquero Trading, an El Paso company that before the screw worm blockade generated $400 million in annual revenue importing 250,000 Mexican cattle a year, including for Champion Feeders. Like many in the trade, Bustillos, who is also chairman of the board of the cattle producers’ union in Chihuahua, Mexico, said he worries all the American politics around beef prices have made reopening even thornier. “This relationship goes beyond numbers: We share traditions, genetics, culture and families that have worked together for generations on both sides of the border.” Just over the New Mexico state line, the pens at the Santa Teresa port of entry, the nation’s busiest for livestock, are eerily silent.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/bank-of-america-hikes-eli-lilly-price-target-on-promising-drug-pipeline.html
Article: LLY YTD mountain LLY YTD chart "While the obesity category is complex, with many moving parts, we continue to see LLY as remaining solidly in the lead that should continue to drive outsized growth for many years to come, at a valuation that is reasonable given this context," he wrote. Anderson believes Eli Lilly will launch its new oral medication orforglipron in early 2026 versus previous expectations of late 2026, which lifts his revenue and earnings estimates for the upcoming year. "The company is nearing the launch of a closely watched, new, oral GLP1 (orforglipron) on an accelerated basis (guides for March 2026) as it was awarded one of the FDA's first Commissioner's National Priority Vouchers," he said. "At the same time, it is pushing through a broad phase 3 development program with its high-potency product, retatrutide (aka 'triple G'), with first results likely coming around year-end." Another bullish catalyst, Anderson said, are rising valuations across the large-cap biopharma sector.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3r787grqp0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Urgent action needed to stop violence against women, report finds Lady Elish Angiolini KC, chair of the inquiry, said: "This has to start with prevention." The kidnapping and murder of Ms Everard by serving police officer Wayne Couzens while she was walking home in south London in March 2021 led to national outrage and widespread protests. But she added: "In reality, I have found the response overall lacks what is afforded to other high-priority crimes where funding and preventative activity is the norm." Couzens, who is serving a whole life term in jail, had been a police officer for almost 20 years before he murdered Ms Everard. Violence Against Women and Girls (VAWG) has been described as a "national threat" and in 2023 the government outlined the need for police forces to coordinate their response and resources to tackle such crimes in line with other national threats. Lady Elish added: "Until this disparity is addressed, violence against women and girls cannot be credibly called a 'national priority'." The report also pointed to concerns over gaps in national data, including how many women report being the victim of rape and other sexually motivated crimes in public spaces. New recommendations in part two of the Angiolini Inquiry include encouraging more people to take action when they see bad behaviour, with the introduction of a wider Good Samaritan law as well as consistent collection and sharing of data on national and local levels. Farah Naz, the aunt of Zara Aleena who was sexually assaulted and murdered after a night out in east London by a prolific offender in 2022, says she hopes the Good Samaritan law she has championed is taken seriously and progresses with urgency. This report not only examines specific failures surrounding Sarah and Zara but also addresses the wider structures, cultural patterns and operational weaknesses that place women and girls at risk in public space".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/clydqz180e2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: In the aftermath of a crushing defeat in Perth, the first two-day Ashes Test for 104 years, England came under fire for their approach on the field, activities off it and decision not to send any of their first-Test XI to play in an England Lions game in Canberra. It's making sure lads are getting that enjoyment element of touring such a great country like Australia." England's previous Ashes tour in 2021-22 took place under Covid restrictions, meaning players were limited in what they could do away from cricket. On Wednesday, England batter Ollie Pope said: "Locking your doors and not coming out of your room is the unhealthy thing to do, as we saw in Covid times." Australia fast bowler Scott Boland added: "I'm a pretty private person. I like being able to go home when I can and not have a camera in my face all the time." Asked whether the media attention is good for the game or crosses a line, Stokes replied: "A bit of both.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/youtube-ai-biometric-data-creator-deepfake.html
Article: A YouTube tool that uses creators' biometrics to help them remove AI-generated videos that exploit their likeness also allows Google to train its AI models on that sensitive data, experts told CNBC. In response to concern from intellectual property experts, YouTube told CNBC that Google has never used creators' biometric data to train AI models and it is reviewing the language used in the tool's sign-up form to avoid confusion. The discrepancy highlights a broader divide inside Alphabet , where Google is aggressively expanding its AI efforts while YouTube works to maintain trust with creators and rightsholders who depend on the platform for their businesses. YouTube is expanding its "likeness detection," a tool the company introduced in October that flags when a creator's face is used without their permission in deepfakes, the term used to describe fake videos created using AI. Creators can then decide whether to request the video's removal, but to use the tool, YouTube requires that creators upload a government ID and a biometric video of their face. The policy states that public content, including biometric information, can be used "to help train Google's AI models and build products and features." "Likeness detection is a completely optional feature, but does require a visual reference to work," YouTube spokesperson Jack Malon said in a statement to CNBC. As our Help Center has stated since the launch, the data provided for the likeness detection tool is only used for identity verification purposes and to power this specific safety feature." YouTube told CNBC it is "considering ways to make the in-product language clearer." The company has not said what specific changes to the wording will be made or when they will take effect. "As Google races to compete in AI and training data becomes strategic gold, creators need to think carefully about whether they want their face controlled by a platform rather than owned by themselves," said Dan Neely, CEO of Vermillio, which helps individuals protect their likeness from being misused and also facilitates secure licensing of authorized content. "Your likeness will be one of the most valuable assets in the AI era, and once you give that control away, you may never get it back." Vermillio and Loti are third-party companies working with creators, celebrities and media companies to monitor and enforce likeness rights across the internet. Loti CEO Luke Arrigoni said the risks of YouTube's current biometric policy "are enormous." "Because the release currently allows someone to be able to attach that name to the actual biometrics of the face, they could create something more synthetic that looks like that person," Arrigoni said. YouTube Head of Creator Product Amjad Hanif said YouTube built its likeness detection tool to operate "at the scale of YouTube," where hundreds of hours of new footage are posted every minute. "We're here as stewards and supporters of the creator ecosystem, and so we are investing in tools to support them on that journey." The rollout comes as AI-generated video tools rapidly improve in quality and accessibility, raising new concerns for creators whose likeness and voice are central to their business.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/nvidia-backed-startup-luma-ai-announces-major-london-expansion.html
Article: The Palo Alto-headquartered startup will look to hire around 200 employees — making up around 40% of its workforce — at its new London base by early 2027, across research, engineering, partnerships and strategic development. The expansion comes two weeks on from Luma announcing a $900 million funding round led by Saudi Public Investment Fund-owned AI company Humain, which saw it hit a valuation upwards of $4 billion. Luma is building "world models," a class of AI models that are able to learn from video, audio and images, alongside text, and which large language models (LLMs) like those powering OpenAI's ChatGPT and Google's Gemini use. "With this Series C raise and the upcoming build-out of global compute infrastructure, we have the capital and capacity to bring world-scale AI to creatives everywhere," said Amit Jain, CEO and co-founder of Luma AI.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/russian-tanker-struck-off-turkiye-as-ukraine-targets-shadow-fleet?traffic_source=rss
Article: The 13 members of the Midvolga-2 crew were unharmed, the directorate said on X, adding that the vessel had not requested assistance and it was proceeding towards Turkiye’s Sinop port. Turkish balancing act The Kairos and the Virat were targeted on Friday by Ukraine as they headed to a Russian port to load up with oil destined for foreign markets, a Kyiv official told Reuters. A total of 113 such vessels sailed under a false flag in the first nine months of this year, transporting some 11 million tonnes of Russian crude, valued at 4.7 billion euros ($5.4bn), according to a recent report by the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA), a Helsinki-based think tank. Advertisement NATO member Turkiye has maintained cordial relations with both Kyiv and Moscow throughout the war, which was triggered when Russia launched a full-scale invasion of its neighbour in February 2022. “We cannot condone these attacks, which threaten navigational safety, life, and the environment, especially in our own exclusive zone,” Erdogan said in a televised address on Monday, adding that Turkiye had issued a warning to “all related sides”. Crude target Kyiv, which for years has sustained heavy attacks targeting its energy infrastructure, has focused in recent months on disrupting Russia’s oil industry in a bid to starve Moscow of funds to sustain its war. Russia’s foreign ministry said on Sunday that Ukrainian attacks on oil tankers and infrastructure in the Black Sea were “acts of terrorism” that threatened freedom of navigation in the region.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/what-will-the-sacking-of-zelenskyys-no-2-change-for-ukraine?traffic_source=rss
Article: A former copyright lawyer who collaborated with District 95, a comic troupe that propelled Zelenskyy to stardom, the 54-year-old Yermak became Ukraine’s “grey cardinal” after the former comedian won the 2019 presidential vote. Yermak “formed an entire system of appointing people in state administration, ministries and military agencies”, Ihor Romanenko, former deputy head of Ukraine’s general staff of armed forces, told Al Jazeera. Such concentration of power turned Yermak into a seemingly unsinkable, Machiavellian figure as he gained notoriety among Ukrainian officials and top brass, Western leaders and diplomats for his abrasive manners, reluctance to compromise and heavy-handed handling of subordinates. And yet, Yermak’s team of negotiators managed to convince Washington to remove some of the most contentious parts of the 28-point peace plan that many in Ukraine and the West called a carbon copy of the Kremlin’s wish list. But on Friday, Zelenskyy fired Yermak – after months of Western pressure and speculation about his role in a $100m corruption scandal, an hours-long search of his apartment and a “30-minute-long tantrum with cursing, reproaches and accusations”, according to a Ukrainian daily. “Corruption is a hydra,” said Taras Tymoshchuk, a 43-year-old retired serviceman, who suffered injuries and contusions while fighting pro-Russian separatists in the eastern region of Donbas between 2015 and 2017. But another disgraced figure – Tetiana Chornovol, an ex-lawmaker and journalist who enlisted after being charged with arson and premeditated murder – said she would let Yermak join her small squad as a drone operator. During the 2014 Ukrainian Revolution, Chornovol assaulted pro-Russian figures, led protesters to seize the city hall and was said to have incited them to throw Molotov cocktails into an office of ex-President Victor Yanukovych’s Party of Regions, according to Ukraine’s State Bureau of Investigations. However, self-banishment to the front line does not make Yermak immune to the consequences that may stem from a huge investigation into corruption schemes around the state-controlled nuclear power monopoly. Yermak was widely blamed for mismanaging Kyiv’s talks with Moscow before the full-scale invasion in 2022 – and for downplaying the invasion that, as he reportedly said, he “didn’t believe would really happen”. Yermak also opposed drastic steps such as the huge mobilisation of all men of fighting age and the imposition of martial law that would “put the economy on a wartime track”, Romanenko said. On Saturday, Zelenskyy reportedly conferred with the heads of military and intelligence agencies – and Pavlo Palisa, 40, a decorated colonel who graduated from a US military college in 2022, fought in the months-long battle for the eastern town of Bakhmut and became Yermak’s deputy in November 2024. ‘Corruption track extremely useful to US’ However, the dismissal will benefit Kyiv in the coming weeks amid resumed peace talks as Washington has lost an ace up its sleeve – Yermak’s presumed involvement in corruption schemes involving multi-billion Western aid.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/czj0ngnkl2vo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Reeves did not mislead on challenges facing UK ahead of Budget, says OBR official However, Prof Miles said despite the forecast, the chancellor still faced a "very difficult Budget and very difficult choices". Prof David Miles from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) told MPs Rachel Reeves's comments ahead of announcing her tax and spending plans were "not inconsistent" with the situation she faced. He said the OBR raised concerns with Treasury officials about leaks to the media in the run-up to the Budget, adding: "I think it was clear that we didn't find this helpful. We made that clear." Budget build-up A political row has broken out over the information shared with the public over the past few weeks over the health of the economy and the choices required to be made by the chancellor. Last week's Budget included a total £26bn of tax rises, with £8bn set to be raised by extending the freeze on income tax and National Insurance thresholds for a further three years. In the build-up to the Budget, Reeves repeatedly talked about a downgrade to the UK's predicted economic productivity that would make it hard for her to meet her borrowing rules, fuelling speculation that the income tax rates themselves would be raised, which would break a manifesto pledge. On 4 November, she used a rare pre-Budget speech in Downing Street to warn the UK's productivity was weaker "than previously thought" and that had "consequences for the public finances too, in lower tax receipts". However, it has since emerged that the OBR, which assesses the government's tax and spending policies, had told the Treasury on 31 October that it was on course to meet its main borrowing rule by £4.2bn due to the downgrade in productivity being offset by higher wages, which increase the government's tax receipts. The Conservatives have claimed the chancellor gave an overly pessimistic impression as a "smokescreen" to raise taxes in order to increase welfare spending, with leader Kemi Badenoch claiming she "lied to the public". The £4.2bn buffer was less than the £9.9bn Reeves had left herself at the previous Budget, and Prof Miles told a committee of MPs, still "posed a significant" challenge to the government, which wanted to increase the figure overall. Questioned by MPs over the chancellor not mentioning the surplus in the forecast, Prof Miles said the £4.2bn, while a positive number, "was by a tiny margin", adding that the OBR was not actually looking for it to be interpreted as "this is very, very good news, there is no hole to fill - as people were saying". And I don't think that that was in itself inconsistent with the final pre-measures assessment we'd made, which, although it showed a very small positive amount of so-called headroom, it was wafer thin." Prof Miles added that the £4.2bn buffer would also have been reduced to minus £3bn because the OBR's forecast did not take into account the welfare and winter fuel payment U-turns made by the government.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c8jwe311y37o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Friends to leave Netflix in UK at the end of the year 43 minutes ago Share Save Steven McIntosh Entertainment reporter Share Save Getty Images Friends has been available to watch on Netflix in the UK since 2018 Oh. Getty Images The show attracted a host of guest stars including Billy Crystal and Robin Williams Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow, Matt LeBlanc, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer starred in 236 episodes across 10 seasons, starting in 1994. The show, about a group of 20-something professionals in New York, is one of the most successful TV series of all time, and is still culturally influential more than two decades after it ended.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/cricket/articles/c33mzp4mxe8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Smith's struggles against spin and a persistent shoulder injury meant he was dropped from the Test side in 1994, and, although he earned a brief recall 12 months later, his international career ended at the age of 32. He loved playing for his county and rushed back from many of his 62 Test matches and 71 ODIs to join his county team to play Championship or List 'A' fixtures with relish. "He was one of the most popular players ever to play the game we all love, and he will be hugely missed by players, members, staff and supporters - not only in Hampshire, but throughout the country and beyond." England and Wales Cricket Board chairman Richard Thompson said: "Robin Smith was a player who stood toe to toe with some of the quickest bowlers in the world, meeting spells of hostile fast bowling with a defiant smile and an incredible resilience.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/g-s1-99701/up-first-newsletter-venezuela-boat-strikes-national-guard-disabled-veteran-benefits
Article: This official disputed the White House's account, stating that Hegseth issued the command for "two strikes to kill" and two additional strikes to "sink the boat." , but said he authorized U.S. This official disputed the White House's account, stating that Hegseth issued the command for "two strikes to kill" and two additional strikes to "sink the boat." ➡️ Venezuelan exiles in America are amplifying a pressure campaign against Venezuelan leader Nicolas Maduro. Rahmanullah Lakanwal, the Afghan man accused of shooting two National Guard members last week in Washington, D.C., seemed to experience a personal crisis — not radicalization — in the years leading up to the attack. 🎧 By 2023, after Lakanwal struggled to find permanent work and faced cultural isolation, the volunteer described him as withdrawing, becoming more isolated and behaving increasingly erratically, NPR's Brian Mann says. The company is charging military veterans up to $20,000 for assistance with disability claims, despite the VA stating this action may be illegal and that such services should be provided free of charge. ➡️ One criticism the organization receives is that non-winning candidates on the ballot influence which candidate wins — an idea known as "spoilers." But Brett Loyd, who runs the nonpartisan polling and data firm overseeing the polling and research at the Independent Center, argues that critics of independents getting into races have a vested interest in the current system. Sponsor Message 3 things to know before you go toggle caption Greg Allen/NPR This week, at the annual Art Basel fair in Florida, a new exhibition at Miami's Museum of Graffiti explores the origins and development of street art.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/democrat-mandela-barnes-former-us-senate-candidate-enters-128028375
Article: Given his prominent name recognition and statewide funding network, Barnes enters the 2026 race as the presumptive front-runner in a crowded primary of lesser known candidates who have no built-in network of support. He highlights his father's union background and attacks Trump, saying the Republican has focused on “distraction and chaos to avoid accountability.” He says Trump is focusing on “lower taxes for billionaires, higher prices for working people.” But with an eye toward independent and swing voters, who will be key in the general election, Barnes pitches a moderate stance focused on the economy. Barnes joins a crowded field in the open race for governor that already includes the current lieutenant governor, two state lawmakers, the highest elected official in the Democratic stronghold of Milwaukee County and a former state economic development director.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/germany-sends-libyan-man-suspected-war-crimes-icc-128027701
Article: Germany has sent a Libyan man accused of crimes against humanity to the International Criminal Court FILE - A general view of the exterior of the International Criminal Court is seen in The Hague, Netherlands, March 12, 2025. (AP Photo/Omar Havana, File) THE HAGUE, Netherlands -- A Libyan man accused of crimes against humanity and war crimes in a Tripoli prison has been sent by Germany to the International Criminal Court to face justice. ICC prosecutors allege Khaled Mohamed Ali El Hishri was a senior commander at the Mitiga prison, where they say he ordered or oversaw atrocities including murder, torture, rape and sexual violence between 2015 and 2020. He was arrested by German authorities on July 16 on a sealed warrant issued by The Hague-based court and had been in custody in Germany before being surrendered Monday, the court said after his arrival at its detention center. The court will then schedule a hearing at which prosecutors summarize their evidence and a panel of judges decides if it is strong enough to merit putting El Hishri on trial. The United Nations Security Council called on the ICC to open an investigation in Libya in 2011 against a backdrop of an uprising that ultimately toppled longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi and morphed into a crippling civil war.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/gop-led-states-settle-lawsuit-federal-government-checking-128017630
Article: DES MOINES, Iowa -- Four Republican-led states agreed to settle lawsuits against the federal government over access to voters' citizenship data, ending a dispute that began with the Biden administration in advance of the 2024 presidential election. Officials in Florida, Indiana, Iowa and Ohio entered the settlement with the Department of Homeland Security and Secretary Kristi Noem roughly a year after the states individually sued the agency under President Joe Biden. Separately, President Donald Trump's Department of Justice has asked at least half the states for their complete voter rolls, a request that Democratic elections officials have questioned out of concern that the data would be provided to DHS.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/bills-show-resilience-overcoming-mistakes-injuries-dominating-steelers-128016802
Article: Put aside the turnovers, middling passing production, poor tackling and all the other issues that have hounded the Buffalo Bills for much of this season Buffalo Bills quarterback Josh Allen (17) scores a touchdown during the second half of an NFL football game against the Pittsburgh Steelers Sunday, Nov. It was an outing that wasn’t so much perfect, but ultimately essential in reminding the NFL — and themselves, perhaps — that the five-time defending AFC East champions aren’t going down easy. Or what about Alec Anderson and Ryan Van Demark — backup tackles thrust into starting roles because of injuries — rushing to Allen’s defense after what could have been deemed a late hit from linebacker Patrick Queen. And then there was Buffalo’s running game trampling the Steelers time and time again with what was essentially a combination of the same two plays — James Cook bouncing runs to the right, and Cook and backup Ray Davis bursting up the middle. “Just making sure we’re better in that and understanding when we can protect the ball and move the ball and not hurt ourselves that we can be a really, really good team.” He and the Bills have five more weeks to prove it. Bosa did not return after hurting his hamstring in the second half, further depleting a defensive line missing edge rushers Michael Hoecht and Landon Jackson, and starting tackle Ed Oliver. 41:59 — Buffalo’s time of possession was the most in a regulation road game in team history, and most in a regulation game since the Bills set a team record of 42:53 in a 34-3 home win over the New York Jets in 1989.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/despite-win-cardinals-buccaneers-play-playoff-team-128016115
Article: Despite win over Cardinals, Buccaneers have to play better to be a playoff team Tampa Bay Buccaneers offensive tackle Tristan Wirfs (78) celebrates his touchdown catch against the Arizona Cardinals with Buccaneers center Graham Barton (62) and Buccaneers guard Ben Bredeson (68) during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara) Tampa Bay Buccaneers offensive tackle Tristan Wirfs (78) celebrates his touchdown catch against the Arizona Cardinals with Buccaneers center Graham Barton (62) and Buccaneers guard Ben Bredeson (68) during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Nov. Just have to get healthy and continue to prepare like we did and go from there.” The Buccaneers got key players back against Arizona and more help could be on the way. Hopefully we get more guys back as the season goes on and see where it goes.” The Buccaneers have impressive wins on the road against Houston and Seattle and beat San Francisco at home. 38% — The Bucs held the Cardinals to 3 of 8 on third downs, the eighth time this season they held an opponent to a success rate of 40% or less.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/texans-defense-shines-20-16-win-colts-stroud-128014569
Article: (AP Photo/Michael Conroy) Houston Texans head coach DeMeco Ryans reacts after the Texans stopped the Indianapolis Colts on fourth down during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Nov. The Colts cut the deficit to four points on a field goal with about nine minutes left and the Texans had a second-and-1 from the Indianapolis 17 on their next possession. “When it came down to it, in the crunch time, third down, fourth down, that’s where we were our best and that’s when we needed it, and that’s what allowed us to be in the position we were in, winning the game.” The Texans limited the Colts to just 3 of 10 on third downs and kept them from completing both of their fourth down tries. He threw an interception in the first half but was solid otherwise in helping the Texans (7-5) to their fourth straight win, which is their longest winning streak since winning nine in a row in 2018. We’ve got to finish the season the way we want to and go into every game with a mission to win.” The Texans had nine penalties for 85 yards on Sunday. Four of them came on offense in the first quarter when they had two illegal formation penalties before a holding penalty by rookie tackle Aireontae Ersery and an illegal forward pass by Stroud.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/la-rams-surprising-loss-panthers-contained-reasons-concern-128021515
Article: The Los Angeles Rams’ tenure atop the NFC standings ended quickly with their most surprising loss of the season by far Los Angeles Rams running back Kyren Williams scores against the Carolina Panthers during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Jacob Kupferman) LOS ANGELES -- Although the Los Angeles Rams' tenure atop the NFC standings ended quickly with their most surprising loss of the season by far, coach Sean McVay says he saw nothing to change his optimistic outlook for the rest of the season. The main areas in which the Rams (9-3) struggled in their rain-soaked, 31-28 loss to the Carolina Panthers on Sunday hadn't been big areas of concern for McVay's team before this game, and he doesn't think the problems will linger. He'll find out whether he's correct starting next weekend, when the Rams begin a stretch of three games in three cities over 12 days with their playoff hopes on the line. “There's an ownership, there's an accountability and there's a security to acknowledge where we can improve and move forward, and that starts with us as coaches.” Two areas of struggle stood out as the key factors in the Panthers' upset win: The Los Angeles defense's inability to stop Carolina's steady rushing attack, and Matthew Stafford's three turnovers. The Rams are in the middle of the NFL pack in run defense, but a team that has won nine games and hadn’t trailed since Week 6 is likely to face more passes from trailing opponents. Poona Ford, the Rams’ run-stopping defensive tackle, played only 19 snaps at Carolina because of a calf injury, forcing youngsters Tyler Davis and Ty Hamilton to play more than normal. They made some plays on those critical downs.” McVay probably doesn't have to do anything to fix the mistakes by Stafford, who hadn't thrown an interception in his previous eight games during a strong season. The first end zone interception came on a tipped ball, while the second — a pick-6 — was simply a bad decision made quickly by a quarterback who has been stellar in tight spots all season long. Without those errors, the Rams would have been in position to win, McVay believes — and his team's first three months were too solid for him to panic down the playoff stretch. Seen is better than said.” Davante Adams remains a touchdown machine, catching two more scoring throws to boost his total to an NFL-best 14 — tied for the second most in a season in his 12-year career. While Emmanuel Forbes was in coverage on both, the cornerback isn't solely responsible for the defense's inability to stop big plays — including a third TD pass by Young on which Chuba Hubbard could have been tackled multiple times. Running back Blake Corum had his most impactful game as a pro with a career-high 81 yards on just seven carries, including a 34-yard scamper and a 2-yard TD run. The Cardinals are the only NFC West team not in playoff contention, yet the Rams took a humiliating 41-10 loss in Glendale early last season before McVay got his team fixed.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/nailbiters-become-norm-broncos-stretch-winning-streak-9-128018934
Article: The Denver Broncos have trailed at some point in every game during their nine-game winning streak Nailbiters become the norm as Broncos stretch their winning streak to 9 with another thriller Denver Broncos outside linebacker Nik Bonitto (15) blocks a pass attempt by Washington Commanders quarterback Marcus Mariota (8) on a failed two-point conversion attempt in overtime of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Nick Wass) Denver Broncos outside linebacker Nik Bonitto (15) blocks a pass attempt by Washington Commanders quarterback Marcus Mariota (8) on a failed two-point conversion attempt in overtime of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. They're 10-2 after dodging the Washington Commanders 27-26 in overtime Sunday night for their ninth consecutive victory, a thriller capped by Nik Bonitto knocking down Marcus Mariota's 2-point pass to his wide-open running back Jeremy McNichols. We won," said coach Sean Payton after the Broncos' fourth straight victory by a field goal or less, which tied an NFL record set by the New York Giants in 1986. Despite finishing the fourth quarter with three punts, they produced a touchdown on the opening drive of overtime, fueled by tight end Evan Engram's 41-yard gain on a pass over the middle from Bo Nix, who has engineered a half dozen game-winning drives in the fourth quarter or overtime this season. “Yeah, and that obviously stems from Bo because he is so calm,” Trautman said, ”like maybe make a little joke or smile in the huddle and everyone feels relaxed and I think we all just trust each other at a very high level. ILB Alex Singleton played all but one snap in his return from testicular cancer surgery and he made a great play to break up a deep pass late in the fourth quarter. S Talanoa Hufanga was a late add to the injury report Sunday because of an illness, but he played all 90 defensive snaps and led the team with 13 tackles, including two for a loss, and he batted down a pass. For the second straight week the Broncos will face a team on a six-game skid when they travel to Las Vegas to play the Raiders, a team they beat 10-7 in Week 10.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/vikings-realize-reasons-reeling-offense-run-deeper-qb-128019820
Article: The rookie making his first career start was swarmed by Seattle defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence, who had barreled into the backfield unblocked on this fourth-and-1 play from the 4-yard line and chased Brosmer all the way back to the 24 with the Seahawks leading by just a field goal late in the second quarter on Sunday. Then in the last moment to avoid a turnover on downs, Brosmer heaved an underhanded ball from behind his back that became a turnover by desperation, a stunningly reckless toss that linebacker Ernest Jones easily snagged for an 86-yard return for a touchdown, the first of four interceptions thrown by Brosmer. Yes, the glaring inexperience at quarterback has ultimately doomed the Vikings this season, but they've got a system-wide mess to address with an offense that was one of the most dynamic and productive in the league just last season. “We just haven't been anywhere near our standard of doing things,” O'Connell said after the 26-0 loss, the first shutout in 18 years for a Vikings team that is now averaging the fifth-fewest points per game (18.7) in the NFL. But the problems hovering over the offense in this final stretch of the schedule include every position and coach, not to mention the salary cap situation the Vikings (4-8) must tackle in the offseason. As the play-caller and primary designer of a scheme that has proven over time it can consistently create a potent downfield passing attack, O'Connell must determine once and for all how to revamp the strategy in a way that suits the Vikings as they're currently constructed for the foreseeable future. The Vikings have a chance to get all three injured offensive linemen back in the starting lineup on Sunday, with center Ryan Kelly (hip), left guard Donovan Jackson (ankle) and left tackle Christian Darrisaw (foot, knee) all with day-to-day status, O'Connell said. Jackson might face the longest odds to play of those three, but O'Connell said the rookie was “improving by the day.” Running back Aaron Jones (shoulder) suffered no new damage, only aggravating a previous injury.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/reeling-colts-answers-sluggish-offense-gardners-injury-128018085
Article: “I'll talk to (defensive coordinator) Lou (Anarumo) this week and, obviously, he'll have a game plan set up for the guys we've got out there,” Steichen said when asked about losing Gardner. You've got to put the pieces together, scheme it up and put guys in position to be successful.” Nothing's gone right lately for a team that entered November with the AFC's best record. That starts with myself and then, obviously, staying on the field on third downs and being efficient on first and second downs — not putting yourself in third-and-long, second-and-long, so being efficient on first down is a big part of it.” Run defense. Though he's made 10 of his 11 field goals, he's also missed three extra-point attempts, including one Sunday that forced Indy to score a late touchdown to take the lead instead of kicking a field goal to tie the score. While the injury to Jones needs to be monitored and the injury to Gardner is concerning and may prevent the Colts from getting back to full strength with Buckner's impending return.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/kyle-shanahan-special-teams-weapon-49ers-26-8-128019339
Article: -- Coach Kyle Shanahan has spent most of his tenure with the San Francisco 49ers hoping that his special teams unit wouldn't make the catastrophic mistakes that would contribute to losses. A year after that group was one of the worst in the NFL, strong special teams play has led to wins for the 49ers (9-4) this season with that unit playing a crucial role in a 26-8 victory over the Cleveland Browns on Sunday. The biggest challenge today, what we’re saying with the special teams, was that we’re hoping to get some big plays, but also not making any dumb plays with penalties and things like that.” Skyy Moore's 66-yard punt return set up San Francisco's first touchdown of the day on a 16-yard drive and a fumbled punt led to the final TD of the day on an 18-yard drive. That was really the mindset.” San Francisco scored 23 of its 26 points on drives that started in Cleveland territory thanks to the special teams and defense that held rookie quarterback Shedeur Sanders in check. The special teams unit after first-year coordinator Brant Boyer has been a positive most of the season with Eddy Pineiro solidifying the kicking game before getting hurt two weeks ago, Moore providing several big returns and no big blunders all season. Ferrell has played only four games for the Niners after being signed in October and is only a half-sack off his career high of 4 1/2 in his rookie season in 2019.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/carolina-panthers-build-latest-positive-moment-inconsistent-season-128018570
Article: Bryce Young and Carolina have been on a topsy-turvy ride this season Carolina Panthers looking to build on their latest positive moment in an inconsistent season Carolina Panthers quarterback Bryce Young leaves the field after their win in an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Rams, Sunday, Nov. Fresh off an ugly 20-9 loss at San Francisco — a game that was never very competitive — Carolina cooled off Matthew Stafford and the Los Angeles Rams with a surprising 31-28 victory on Sunday. In Week 8, the Panthers lost 40-9 to Buffalo at home, only to go on the road the following week to Lambeau Field and upset Green Bay, which had the best record in the NFC at that time. The Panthers followed that surprising high with a perplexing low, losing 17-7 to New Orleans at home in a performance that some figured was a sign the team wasn't really ready to compete for the postseason. That’s just a sign of a group that’s continuing to figure out who we are, find that identity so we can have it show up on a weekly basis.” If the Panthers make the playoffs, offensive line coach Joe Gilbert is plenty deserving of a raise.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/gerrymandering-spreading-us-states-after-trump-pushed-new-128018376
Article: House districts ahead of next year's elections Gerrymandering is spreading across US states after Trump pushed for new congressional districts FILE - The State Capitol is seen in Austin, Texas, on June 1, 2021. (AP Photo/Eric Gay, File) A push to reshape congressional voting districts, instigated by President Donald Trump, is sweeping across states as political parties vie for an edge in next year's elections. The unusual mid-decade redistricting has resulted, so far, in nine more seats that Republicans believe they can win and six more seats that Democrats think they can win, putting the GOP up by three. Here are some key details about states that have adopted or considered new districts, including their deadlines for candidates to file for office: Current map: 13 Democrats, 25 Republicans New map: Republican Gov.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/playoffs-arizona-cardinals-now-focus-turns-kyler-murrays-128019296
Article: There have been plenty of disappointing performances for the Cardinals this season, but he's not one of them, providing exactly what the franchise hoped when it signed him to a $76.4 million, four-year deal during the offseason. Tampa Bay coach Todd Bowles said postgame that his defense had a good idea what the Cardinals were going to run on the crucial fourth down: "We kind of knew what the route was; they did a hell of a job jumping the route knowing it was going to come up short.” CB Max Melton (heel), RB Emari Demercado (ankle), S Dadrion Taylor-Demerson (ankle) and DL Walter Nolen III (knee) were all inactive against the Bucs, but could return next weekend.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/seattles-defense-peaking-time-seahawks-compete-nfc-west-128021188
Article: The Seattle Seahawks are tied for the NFC West lead, and their defense has played a major role in their success Seattle's defense is peaking at the right time as the Seahawks compete for the NFC West title RENTON, Wash. -- The Seattle Seahawks have fielded a handful of memorable defenses, ranging from the 2013 “Legion of Boom” unit to the 1984 team that featured the late Kenny Easley and forced a franchise-record 63 turnovers. All that has taken place with safety Julian Love missing nine games with a hamstring injury, defensive tackle Johnathan Hankins missing the whole season with a back ailment and plenty of other key players shuffling in and out of the lineup.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/coming-clutch-remains-issue-reeling-saints-128021733
Article: The Saints found a new and unusual way to lose after a largely competitive showing at Miami Coming through in the clutch remains an issue for the reeling Saints New Orleans Saints wide receiver Chris Olave (12) is unable to catch a pass during the second half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins Sunday, Nov. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell) New Orleans Saints wide receiver Chris Olave (12) is unable to catch a pass during the second half of an NFL football game against the Miami Dolphins Sunday, Nov. In the end, it was the latest example of the team's inability to come through in crunch time in what is now a double-digit-loss campaign Down 16-0 at halftime on the road, it would have surprised few if the reeling Saints had faded down the stretch at a Dolphins squad that has shown improved form lately. “As frustrated as this loss is — they're tough — there's nothing easy about losing — I love the way our guys battled and I love the way the positives coming out of this game are going to be able to be built off of.” Instead, New Orleans rallied with Chris Olave's touchdown catch and Tyler Shough's QB run for a 2-point conversion, a 56-yard field goal from a former Gaelic Football player making his NFL debut — and then got a late touchdown from receiver Devaughn Vele, a second-year pro. The Saints (2-10) lined up for a 2-point conversion for the tie, only to have it intercepted and run back the other way to extend the Dolphins' lead to 21-17. They might have been more committed to the run had they not fallen behind 16-0 in the first half, but it nonetheless continued a trend of anemic showings on the ground for an offense that ranks 29th in the league in rushing. And the 36-year-old Jordan, now in his 15th NFL season (all with New Orleans), continues to show he might be able to play beyond this season, when he's due to become an unrestricted free agent. The Saints travel to Tampa Bay on Sunday for their final meeting this season with the Buccaneers, who entered this week clinging to a half-game lead over Carolina for first place in the NFC South.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/analysts-lift-their-price-targets-for-this-little-known-ai-company-after-an-earnings-beat.html
Article: "Significant beat and raise with new customer ramps and new product solutions layering on to growth in FY27 and beyond … CRDO is diversifying its customer base with multiple shots on goal for new products, turning into a more well-rounded interconnect play." Mizuho: outperform, $225 The bank's forecast, up from $165, corresponds to a 31% gain. "We see CRDO F26E revenues ~$1.19B still small compared to a ~$22B scale-out cable market opportunity, with CRDO now noting long-term TAM of $10B, triple last year with new products … We continue to see CRDO benefiting from AI tailwinds for [active electrical cables], PCIe, Optical DSP, leveraging its KEY Serdes technology driving lower customer [total cost of ownership]." Stifel: buy, $225 The firm raised its target price from $160. "While recent weeks have presented investor skepticism around the sustainability of AI spend and elevated valuation levels, we continue to believe that the proliferation of rack level AI infrastructure is still in its early innings. Further, we believe networking is the most important part of this market, and we view CRDO as a clear leader in multiple subsegments of this market." Bank of America: buy, $240 Bank of America's new price target, up from $165, calls for 40% upside going forward. With the [active electrical cables] product now ramping at 4 large hyperscalers and the fifth customer also in initial volume today, mgmt now expects sales to grow mid-single digit QoQ throughout FY26 and FY27, suggesting consistent AEC ramps despite modest competition concerns." TD Cowen: buy, $240 The firm raised its price target from $190 per share.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/01/nvidia-synopsys-deal-stock-boost-jim-cramer.html
Article: The deal is about "revolutionizing one of the most compute intensive industries in the world: design and engineering," Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang told CNBC's "Squawk on the Street." Nvidia stock closed up 1.65% while Synopsys added 4.85%. Nvidia shares have been under pressure recently as investors worry about the company's business in China and competition from hyperscaler peers like Google , which is expanding production of its own chips. Cramer said the partnership with Synopsys is significant because it could make large-scale construction much easier and cheaper, leading to a "replacement cycle of immense proportions." Nvidia's Synopsys investment also expands the company's reach to lucrative endeavors beyond artificial intelligence chatbots, Cramer indicated.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/2/robin-smith-ex-england-cricketer-dies-aged-62?traffic_source=rss
Article: “It’s a sad day … At the time, in the 80s and 90s, he was England’s best batter,” a tearful Kevan James, Smith’s former Hampshire teammate, told BBC Radio Solent. He was one of the few England batters who stood up to them and basically gave as good as he got.” Smith was the brother of fellow England international Chris Smith, who played his last test at Leeds two years before Robin’s England debut at the same ground in 1988. Nicknamed “The Judge” for having curly hair like a judge’s wig, Robin Smith scored 175 against West Indies in Antigua in 1994, the same test in which Brian Lara made a record-breaking 375 runs. Advertisement Smith also hit an unbeaten 167 against Australia in 1993, which remained the highest innings by an England player in an ODI until 2016, when Alex Hales made 171 against Pakistan. “Robin Smith was a player who stood toe to toe with some of the quickest bowlers in the world, meeting spells of hostile fast bowling with a defiant smile and an incredible resilience,” said England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) chair Richard Thompson.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/prada-group-says-has-purchased-fashion-rival-versace-deal-worth-14-billion/18239765/
Article: Prada Group says it has purchased fashion rival Versace in a deal worth nearly $1.4 billion MILAN -- The Prada Group announced Tuesday that it has officially purchased Milan fashion rival Versace in a 1.25 billion euro (nearly $1.4 billion) deal that puts the fashion house known for its sexy silhouettes under the same roof as Prada's "ugly chic" aesthetic and Miu Miu's youth-driven appeal. AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia Prada has underlined that the 47-year-old Versace brand offered "significant untapped growth potential.'' Versace has been in the midst of a creative relaunch under a new designer, Dario Vitale, who previewed his first collection during Milan Fashion Week in September. Capri Holdings, which owns Michael Kors and Jimmy Choo, paid $2 billion for Versace in 2018, but had been struggling to position Versace's bold profile in the recent era of "quiet luxury. An analyst presentation for the Prada deal said that Versace would represent 13% of the Prada Group's pro-forma revenues, with Miu Miu coming in at 22% and Prada at 64%. "Making a bag for one brand or another, the know-how is the same, Bertelli told reporters last week at the group's Scandicci leather goods factory, which already makes bags for the Prada and Miu Miu brands and will soon add Versace. The Prada Group's has invested 60 million euros in its supply chain this year, including a new leather goods factory near Siena, a new knitwear factory near Perugia as well as increasing production at its factory Church's footwear factory in Britain and expanding another Tuscan factory. Prada's efforts include an academy that has trained some 570 new artisans over the last 25 years in an in-house training academy operating in the Tuscany, Marche, Veneto and Umbria regions.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yqpq7d844o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Scotland qualifying for the World Cup put me in hospital' 2 hours ago Share Save Colin Paterson Entertainment correspondent Share Save BBC Colin Paterson wearing the offending badge the day of Scotland's qualifying match against Denmark It is the kind of classic pub chat I have been a part of before Scotland games in countries all around the globe, including Lichtenstein, Mexico and Kazakhstan. The national side was always the one that mattered to my family, rather than any club, due to generational pride in my great great grandfather William Dinsmore being the surveyor for the current Hampden when it opened in 1903. PA Media Scotland scored four goals against Denmark to clinch qualification I still remember the sheer thrill of holding my dad's hand while walking through the cold dark towards the stadium, squeezing our way through the tartan-clad crowds towering over me, who were downing drinks I'd never seen and saying words I'd never heard. Dalglish weaving his way to his 30th Scotland goal against Spain, James McFadden popping one in from 40 yards in Paris, Ollie McBurnie sclaffing one against the post during a 1-0 defeat in a meaningless friendly at the Azteca. In recent years, my job as the BBC's entertainment correspondent and becoming stepfather to two boys who cruelly are not qualified to play for Scotland (adoption does not count apparently) has reduced the number of times I get to go to games. On the day of our crucial World Cup qualifier against Denmark, I was reporting for the BBC1 One O'clock and Six O'clock News, on the government's plans to make it illegal to resell tickets to gigs and live events at more than face value. Colin and his friend Ally celebrating Shaun Maloney's wonder goal in a 1-0 victory over the Republic of Ireland in 2014 I got a few messages from eagle-eyed Scotland fans saying how much they had enjoyed it. However, earlier in the day, while interviewing Gus from Mercury Prize-winner's alt-j, for his reaction to the ticket price news, I realised I had lost the back of the badge, so put it in my pocket, for safekeeping. Now, watching with my mate Johnnie, the same friend with whom I went to that disastrous Morocco game, it was hard to sum up the total joy of Scotland 4 Denmark 2. I went straight to hospital, was put on an IV drip and transferred to another hospital where I had to stay overnight, while doctors murmured about a serious infection and me having to sign waivers. Thankfully at 13:40, just 20 minutes before the cut-off for new operations ("cut-off", not a phrase I wanted to hear being used at all) I was told I would be seen that day. The whole procedure only lasted eight minutes, or the time it took Mansfield 103.2 FM to play Tom's Diner by Suzanne Vega and Sheryl Crow's If It Makes You Happy – a winning combination of local radio and local anaesthetic.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5y9r863k4eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Officers would have faced misconduct over Hillsborough 34 minutes ago Share Save Judith Moritz , Special Correspondent , Lynette Horsburgh , North West and Sarah Spina-Matthews , North West Share Save BBC Ninety-seven Liverpool fans died as a result of the crush at Hillsborough on 15 April 1989 Twelve police officers would have faced gross misconduct proceedings over the Hillsborough disaster, a long-awaited report has found. Former South Yorkshire Police (SYP) chief constable Peter Wright and Ch Supt David Duckenfield are among the officers who would have had cases to answer after 97 Liverpool fans died in the 1989 stadium crush. It also upheld or found misconduct cases in 92 complaints, but the law at the time means no officers will face disciplinary proceedings because they had all retired before investigations began in 2012. Ms Brook said the IOPC report "exposes a system that has allowed officers to simply walk away, retiring without scrutiny, sanction or consequence for failing to meet the standards the public has every right to expect". Hillsborough inquests Fresh inquests in 2016 concluded people had been unlawfully killed as a result of the crush at Hillsborough The publication of the IOPC's report earlier marks the conclusion of the largest independent police misconduct investigation ever carried out in England and Wales. It is understood the families of the fans, who died as a result of the crush at the FA Cup semi-final match between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest at Sheffield Wednesday's home stadium, received copies of the report on Monday. Key findings of the 366-page document include: The late Mr Wright would have faced a case over 10 alleged breaches of the Police Disciplinary Code regarding his actions in the aftermath of the disaster Former Ch Supt David Duckenfield, who was match commander, would have faced 10 alleged breaches for "failures in decision making and communication in relation to managing the build-up to the game" as well as a "series of key failings of control as the crowd built" Eight other SYP officers would have had cases to answer over their roles in preparing for and policing the match, their handling of the disaster response or their parts in attempts to deflect the blame afterwards Former WMP Assistant Chief Constable Mervyn Jones and Det Ch Supt Michael Foster would have had cases to answer over their roles in leading the investigation into the disaster, including for "alleged bias towards police and against supporters" and "not intervening in SYP's account amendment process" Mr Duckenfield, 81, was cleared of gross negligence manslaughter by a jury in 2019. Mike Benbow said people deserve more than a 400-page report Ms Cashell said: "The 97 people who were unlawfully killed, their families, survivors of the disaster and all those so deeply affected, have been repeatedly let down - before, during and after the horrific events of that day. "First by the deep complacency of South Yorkshire Police in its preparation for the match, followed by its fundamental failure to grip the disaster as it unfolded, and then through the force's concerted efforts to deflect the blame onto the Liverpool supporters, which caused enormous distress to bereaved families and survivors for nearly four decades. "They were let down again by the inexplicably narrow investigation into the disaster conducted by West Midlands Police, which was a missed opportunity to bring these failings to light much sooner." She added it was important to remember the forces investigated were different to those today and policing had seen many changes since 1989. 'Cruel' Hilda Hammond, whose 14-year-old son, Philip, died in the tragedy described her frustration over the lack of action taken against "certain police officers", adding the report was "like rubbing salt in a very old wound". She told the BBC the report "brings it all back" and "starts you thinking you wouldn't mind going through that if you were going to have some action at the end of it." She said it was "sweet and bittersweet" that Philip had died before the final report was published. "We've said from the beginning what was the truth, and it's too late now to do anything about it so all the police officers cannot be disciplined, even if they were still alive or retired." Hilda Hammond said she thinks the investigations was a "fruitless exercise" She said she thinks it was "cruel" and "quite a fruitless exercise". I'm told there will be a more detailed report later on but I hope that the IOPC reconsider..." He added: "I don't understand the logic of that because clearly criminal proceedings finished a long time ago and it's been nearly five years producing the reports." Listen to the best of BBC Radio Merseyside on Sounds and follow BBC Merseyside on Facebook, X, and Instagram.

Link: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2025/12/02/california-bear-crawl-space-altadena/
Article: Johnson, 63, told KTLA that the bear maneuvers in and out of the crawl space “like it owns the place” and called the animal “a monster,” with eyes that are close together and a “big, wide head.” He now wants California wildlife officials to help evict his unwanted tenant, telling KTLA: “I don’t need a bear for Christmas. “The plan is, I’m going to buy a bunch of dinner rolls and line them down the street up to the hole and have some sandbags ready,” Johnson told the AP. “When he comes down the street to get the dinner rolls, throw sandbags in there and cover it with pepper spray, and just hope he stays away.” Altadena, an unincorporated part of Los Angeles County, was ravaged by wildfires in January. Flames from the Eaton Fire — one of the largest of the blazes — destroyed an estimated 7,000 structures in Altadena, including homes and cherished local businesses, and devastated natural environments, killing animals and disrupting fragile ecosystems that they depend on.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/anonymous-50m-gift-cover-tuition-medical-lab-students-128021928
Article: An anonymous donation expected to exceed $50 million is helping cover tuition costs for medical laboratory science students at the University of Washington for the next half-century An anonymous $50M gift will cover some tuition for medical lab students at University of Washington SEATTLE -- An anonymous donation expected to exceed $50 million is helping cover tuition costs for medical laboratory science students at the University of Washington for the next half-century. Tim Dellit, made the surprise announcement Monday to about 30 grateful undergrads, who will each see two quarters' worth of tuition covered for their senior-year clinical rotations, The Seattle Times reported. Last year, the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York received a $1 billion donation from Ruth Gottesman, a former professor and the widow of a Wall Street investor, making tuition there free. In September at Marshall University in West Virginia, President Brad Smith and his wife, Alys Smith, announced a $50 million gift to promote a program aimed at eliminating student debt, in part by covering tuition for West Virginia students with family income of $65,000 or less.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/measles-vaccinations-begin-rebel-held-congo-year-after-128031836
Article: Measles vaccines have arrived in a rebel-held area of eastern Congo nearly a year after a deadly outbreak of the highly contagious disease began Measles vaccinations begin in rebel-held Congo almost a year after deadly outbreak Dr. (AP Photo/Moses Sawasawa) KACHEHEMBE, Congo -- Measles vaccines have arrived in a rebel-held area of eastern Congo nearly a year after a deadly outbreak of the highly contagious disease began. The seizure of parts of the region early this year by Rwanda-backed M23 rebels has affected the delivery of health care in one of the world's most dire humanitarian crises, residents and aid groups have said. This week, anxious parents clutching small children have been lining up in Kachehembe in North Kivu province to receive the vaccine from medical charity Doctors Without Borders, also known as MSF.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/keybanc-says-this-texas-land-owner-could-be-an-ai-boom-beneficiary.html
Article: TPL YTD mountain TPL YTD chart "In a literal sense, TPL sits at the crossroads of traditional oil and gas activity and the imminent data center and power gen buildout occurring in West Texas and collects oil and gas, water or surface royalties from much of the activity occurring in the region," he wrote. "TPL benefits from a variety of activities occurring in the area: oil and gas royalties from drilling; water sourcing, treatment and disposal; commodity gathering lines and pipelines; surface acreage needs for roads and materials; and, potentially, data centers and related power gen needs." The analyst also applauded Texas Pacific Land for the "next gen opportunities" it is actively developing in the oil and gas and power industries, which includes some exposure to the ongoing AI boom. "In addition, TPL is investigating revenue opportunities for carbon capture, bitcoin mining, hydrogen, sand mines and other areas." Texas Power Land is also currently building a water desalination facility in Orla, Texas that could serve as an "intriguing" catalyst in the next year. Rezwan also pointed out that while the company's CEO and CFO appear to be on the younger said, they seem to be playing the long game with measured growth initiatives. "We sense management is consciously evolving to be more of a traditional C-Corp, but doing so at a gradual pace to avoid surprising long-term holders." Shares of Texas Pacific Land have slipped 23% this year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-premarket-.html
Article: Adjusted earnings were $1.32 per share on revenue of $628 million, compared to earnings of 80 cents per share on $592 million in revenue expected by analysts polled by LSEG. Strategy — The stock added nearly 2% as bitcoin, Strategy's treasury asset, rose 1% after plunging Monday, when the token briefly fell below $85,000 Janux Therapeutics — The clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company tumbled 41% after early-stage data from its phase one prostate cancer trial trailed expectations. Stifel upgraded Teradyne to buy from hold, saying the company's positioning and growth in AI networking remains under-appreciated Bausch + Lomb — Morgan Stanley upgraded the eye care company to overweight, citing a strong ophthalmology pipeline.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/trump-bigger-salt-deduction-2025.html
Article: Greg Hinsdale | The Image Bank | Getty Images If you live in a high-tax state, you could see some relief from income and property levies for 2025 — thanks to a change enacted via President Donald Trump's "big beautiful bill." The Republicans' multitrillion-dollar legislation temporarily raised the limit for the federal deduction for state and local taxes, known as SALT. 'Load up on deductions' One of the challenges of claiming the SALT deduction is that your itemized tax breaks — including SALT, charitable gifts, the medical expense deduction, among others — must exceed the standard deduction. One way to exceed those thresholds could be to "load up on deductions," such as prepaying your property taxes for 2026 before year-end, according to CFP Abigail Rose, director of tax planning for Keeler & Nadler Family Wealth in Dublin, Ohio.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/gallery/2025/12/2/pope-prays-at-site-of-2020-beirut-port-explosion?traffic_source=rss
Article: Pope Leo XIV has prayed at the site of the deadly 2020 Beirut port explosion and offered words of consolation to the Lebanese people on the final day of his first overseas trip. Relatives of some of the 218 people killed in the blast five years ago held up photographs of loved ones as Pope Leo arrived on Tuesday at the scorched site. The emotional encounter took place beside the shell of the last grain silo standing at the site destroyed by the August 4 blast, and amid piles of burned cars left charred in its wake. The Mother Superior of the congregation that runs the hospital, Mother Marie Makhlouf, was overcome as she welcomed the pope, telling him that her hospital cares for the “forgotten souls, burdened by their loneliness”. “We cannot conceive of a society that races ahead at full speed, clinging to the false myths of wellbeing, while at the same time ignoring so many situations of poverty and vulnerability.” He was scheduled to end his visit with a Mass at another location along the Beirut waterfront, where he moved through the crowd in his covered popemobile. Pope Leo has sought to bring a message of peace to Lebanon as it grapples with economic crises, the aftermath of Hezbollah’s devastating war with Israel, and the lasting effect of the port explosion.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/pope-leo-wraps-up-lebanon-visit-with-prayers-at-site-of-beirut-port-blast?traffic_source=rss
Article: The Catholic leader prayed silently and lit a lamp on Tuesday morning at a monument to the more than 220 people that were killed and 6,500 injured in the explosion. With mounds of rubble and the remains of the devastated facility within sight, the Pontiff shook hands, blessed and spoke with each one of the survivors and relatives of victims who were present. No official has been convicted in a judicial investigation that has been repeatedly obstructed, angering Lebanese for whom the blast was just the latest evidence of impunity after decades of corruption and financial crimes. When you speak to people here, they say life is difficult and we are struggling, but we appreciate the Pope’s presence.” Leo’s visit to Lebanon was the second leg of an overseas trip that started in Turkiye, in which he pleaded for peace in the Middle East and warned that humanity’s future is at risk from the world’s bloody conflicts.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/trump-cries-foul-over-technical-tie-in-honduras-presidential-race?traffic_source=rss
Article: In a tirade on social media late on Monday, Trump accused the election officials of “trying to change” the outcome of the election, and doubled down on vague threats of retaliation should his favoured candidate not be declared the victor of a tight race, which has been beset by problems with the results website. In the latest update, CNE head Ana Paola Hall said Trump-backed right-wing candidate Nasry Asfura was leading centrist rival Salvador Nasralla by just 515 votes after 57 percent of the ballots had been counted. “Subsequently, the special counting process will be carried out in order to finalise the general count.” ‘Hell to pay’ Trump, who in the run-up to the vote had threatened to cut off aid to Honduras if National Party candidate Asfura were not elected, responded with a post on his Truth Social platform that claimed the CNE had “abruptly stopped counting” the votes. “If they do, there will be hell to pay!” Trump made a big impact in the campaign with his vocal endorsement of Asfura, the former mayor of the capital, Tegucigalpa, saying the US could work with him to counter drug trafficking. Despite cheering Asfura’s forecast role in helping to fight Trump’s so-called “war on drugs”, Trump had said on Friday that he is set to pardon former Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez. The last president to come from the National Party in a country recently dominated by left-leaning political forces, Hernandez is serving a 45-year prison sentence in the US for drug trafficking and firearms charges. “We are not declaring ourselves the winners, just projecting the results that will be fed into the CNE,” he said, drawing criticism from Asfura’s National Party for weighing in ahead of the final vote count. Whatever the final outcome, the election is a clear defeat for the country’s ruling left-wing, whose candidate, Rixi Moncada, was trailing well behind in third with 19 percent of the vote.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpvdr8k7xjro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Honduran ex-president Juan Orlando Hernández released from US prison after Trump pardon A file photo of Hernández being escorted by US agents for extradition in 2022 The US president said Hernández had been "treated very harshly and unfairly" in a social media post announcing the move on Friday. Juan Orlando Hernández, the former president of Honduras, has been released from a US prison, according to online records of federal inmates, after he received a pardon from US President Donald Trump for drug charges. Hernández, a member of Honduras's National Party who served as the country's president from 2014 to 2022, was extradited to the US in April 2022 to stand trial for running a violent drug trafficking conspiracy and helping to smuggle hundreds of tonnes of cocaine to the US. During his trial, prosecutors in New York said Hernández ran the Central American country like a "narco-state" and accepted millions of dollars in bribes from drug traffickers to shield them from the law. As of Monday afternoon, there were just 515 votes separating right-wing candidate Nasry Asfura from his nearest challenger, Salvador Nasralla, a former TV host standing for the country's centrist party. He characterised Asfura as "standing up for democracy" and praised him for campaigning against Venezuela's President Nicolás Maduro, with whom Trump has engaged in a war of words in recent months. The administration has also conducted strikes on vessels it says have been used for smuggling - though some analysts have described these moves as a means of pressurising Latin American leaders.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c79x3rwxjryo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US Homeland Security secretary calls for more travel bans 3 hours ago Share Save Brandon Livesay Share Save EPA Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem has said she will recommend a travel ban on several countries which she claims are "flooding" the US with criminal activity. Writing on social media on Monday, Noem said she had met President Donald Trump and decided to suggest "a full travel ban on every damn country that's been flooding our nation with killers, leeches, and entitlement junkies''. White House press secretary Karoline Leavitt told Fox News on Monday evening that Trump had announced a travel ban several months ago on "third world and failed state" countries, and that Noem's recommendation would "widen" that to encompass more nations. Prior to her comments about a travel ban, Noem wrote on social media that 100,000 Afghan nationals entered the US under the Biden-era Operation Allies Welcome programme, and she said the DHS would overhaul the vetting process. Officials identified the suspect in the DC shooting as an Afghan national who entered the US in 2021 as part of that programme, which was designed for locals who had worked with American troops during the 20-year US deployment to Afghanistan.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/michael-susan-dell-donate-625-billion-encourage-families-128031366
Article: Billionaires Michael and Susan Dell pledged a historic $6.25 billion on Tuesday to provide an incentive to families to adopt new investment accounts for children NEW YORK -- Billionaires Michael and Susan Dell pledged $6.25 billion Tuesday to provide 25 million American children under 10 an incentive to claim the new investment accounts for children created as part of President Donald Trump’s tax and spending legislation. It will build hope and opportunity and prosperity for generations to come," said Michael Dell, the founder and CEO of Dell Technologies whose estimated net worth is $148 billion, according to Forbes. “And we’re all rooting for them to have a wonderful future, a bright future, and that that’s available to them.” Under the new law, the Treasury will deposit $1,000 into the accounts of children born between Jan. The Dells hope their gift will encourage families to claim the accounts and deposit more money into it, even small amounts, so it will grow over time along with the stock market. "And so, this is a unique platform that’s being created by the government that I think can unlock major giving.” Gerstner is also the founder of Invest America Charitable Foundation, which is supporting the Treasury in launching the accounts. “We would like to see this idea continue and get better over time, just like any big policy,’ said Boshara, who co-edited the book “The Future of Building Wealth.” "The ACA, Social Security – they start off fairly flawed, but get much better and more progressive and inclusive over time. It’s a down payment on a big idea that deserves to be improved and there’s bipartisan interest in improving them." Through the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, the Dell's have reported giving $2.9 billion since 1999, with a large focus on education. Michael Dell said they had not initially envisioned committing so much to boost the child investment accounts, but Susan Dell said over time, they decided to increase the size of their commitment.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/afghanistans-taliban-rulers-carry-public-execution-sports-stadium-128032664
Article: (AP Photo) KABUL, Afghanistan -- Afghanistan’s Taliban authorities carried out a public execution at a stadium in the eastern city of Khost on Tuesday, putting to death a man who the country’s Supreme Court said had killed 13 members of a family, including several children, earlier this year. Tens of thousands of people, including relatives of the victims, attended the execution in the sports stadium, which the Supreme Court said was the 11th carried out since the Taliban seized power in 2021 in the wake of the chaotic withdrawal of U.S. Afghanistan’s Taliban rulers have imposed a strict interpretation of Sharia law, which has included a return of public executions, as well as bans on Afghan women and girls from secondary school and university education and from most forms of employment. According to a statement by the Supreme Court, the execution was ordered after a death sentence was passed down by a court, an appeals court and the top ccourt itself, and approved by Afghanistan’s supreme leader, Hibatullah Akhundzada. The man had been convicted along with anothers of entering a family home in Khost province and shooting to death an extended family, including nine children and their mother, Gorbaz said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/uk-government-plans-scrap-jury-trials-attempt-clear-128033789
Article: The British government has announced changes to the right to trial by jury to address a backlog in the justice system UK government plans to scrap some jury trials in an attempt to clear a court backlog Britain's Prime Minister Keir Starmer, left, listens to Lord Chancellor David Lammy speaking during the annual Lady Mayor's Banquet at the Guildhall, in central London, Monday, Dec. (Stefan Rousseau/PA via AP) Britain's Prime Minister Keir Starmer, left, listens to Lord Chancellor David Lammy speaking during the annual Lady Mayor's Banquet at the Guildhall, in central London, Monday, Dec. (Stefan Rousseau/PA via AP) LONDON -- The right to trial by jury will be pared back in Britain in an attempt to clear a backlog of cases clogging up the justice system, the government announced Tuesday. The government says there are almost 80,000 cases waiting to be heard in criminal courts in England and Wales, more than double the pre-pandemic figure, with some cases taking several years to reach trial. “We’re all proud of our justice system rooted in the Magna Carta, but we must never forget that it implores us not to deny or delay justice,” Lammy told lawmakers in the House of Commons. “When victims are left waiting for years, justice is effectively denied to them.” He said the changes would reduce by about a quarter the number of cases heard by juries, but that “jury trials will continue to be the cornerstone of the system for the most serious of offenses,” including murder, manslaughter, rape, serious assault and robbery. Magna Carta, the hallowed charter of English liberties forced on King John in 1215, includes the stipulation that “No free man shall be seized or imprisoned, or stripped of his rights or possessions, or outlawed or exiled … except by the lawful judgment of his equals or by the law of the land.” That’s widely interpreted as laying the foundations for trial by jury, though the modern British system of jury trial dates from the 19th century and has been revised since. “The government talks about its commitment to protect its citizens from harm, violence and sexual offences, but is eviscerating that protection by eroding the public’s right to trial by jury,” said Riel Karmy-Jones, chairwoman of the Criminal Bar Association.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/apple-replay-1-song-apple-musics-2025-songs-128033410
Article: Rosé and Bruno Mars’ massively popular, Grammy-nominated “APT.” topped Apple Music’s global song chart in 2025 as the giant music streamer released year-end lists Tuesday and provided listeners with data on their own most listened-to tunes. Mars makes another appearance, in third, for his collaboration with Lady Gaga, “Die With a Smile.” Then it's Lamar again in fourth — “Not Like Us” returns to a top spot, after earning the No. 1 position in 2024 — and in fifth, it's Billie Eilish with “Birds of a Feather.” The success of Lamar's “GNX” album kept listeners engaged, and five of his songs made the global chart's Top 25. They claimed the top spot on the streaming platform's Shazam Global Radio Spins chart, the Top 100: Global Radio chart (which tracks the most played songs on radio stations around the world) and Apple’s most-read lyrics charts. “The phenomenal global success of Rosé and Bruno Mars’ ‘APT.’ has been a powerful reminder that great songs will always transcend borders,” Rachel Newman, Apple Music’s co-head, said in a statement. Replay highlights include a Discovery feature (where users can track new artists they discovered this year), Loyalty (the artists they listen to consistently) and Comebacks (the ones who've made a return to their listening rotation). The multi-hyphenate rapper, one year after the release of his critically acclaimed album “Chromakopia,” earned 4.5 billion minutes of listening time between November 2024 and October 2025, Apple Music reported.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/film-producer-jason-blum-author-bookseller-ann-patchett-128032666
Article: Oscar-nominated producer Jason Blum is set to receive the Business Visionary award from PEN America at its fundraising gala next spring Ann Patchett appears at the 2021 National Humanities Medal ceremony at the White House in Washington on March 21, 2023, left, and film producer Jason Blum appears at the premiere of "M3GAN 2.0" in New York on June 24, 2025. (AP Photo) Ann Patchett appears at the 2021 National Humanities Medal ceremony at the White House in Washington on March 21, 2023, left, and film producer Jason Blum appears at the premiere of "M3GAN 2.0" in New York on June 24, 2025. Blum, the founder and CEO of Blumhouse Productions, has helped oversee films ranging from “BlacKkKlansman” and “Whiplash” to “Get Out” and such horror franchises as “Paranormal Activity” and “Halloween.” In announcing the awards Tuesday, PEN praised the producer for “his daring and diverse films that have transformed horror from a niche genre into a driving force of contemporary culture, often with social issues at the core.” Blum, 56, said in a statement that “Horror is so much bigger and broader than people think” and that he was “very proud to have played a part in bringing it to an even wider audience.” He then cited an issue at the core of PEN's mission, book bans, which he called the only thing “scarier than our movies.” “A PEN America report from earlier this year found that Stephen King is the most banned author in American schools,” he said. “The freedom to tell horror stories is vital to what we do every day at Blumhouse, so I’m grateful to PEN America for recognizing that, and thankful for this honor.” Previous recipients of the visionary award, given for “transformative contributions to the world of literature and storytelling,” include Walt Disney CEO Bob Iger, Dow Jones CEO Almar Latour and Macmillan Publishers CEO Jon Yaged. Patchett, who turned 62 on Tuesday, is known for such acclaimed and popular novels as “Bel Canto,” “Commonwealth” and “The Dutch House.” PEN awards the literary service prize to “a writer or advocate who has served the literary community through their words or work,” and she has a legacy of both. Patchett is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters and winner of the PEN/Faulkner award for “Bel Canto.” Besides her own writing, Patchett has been praised for her championing of fellow authors through Parnassus Books, the Nashville-based store she co-founded in 2011 around the same time two local booksellers had closed. “But the bookstore really challenged that and changed me from a person who titled inwards to a person who titled outwards.” Bookselling, she added with a laugh, “just gets me out of the house.” PEN interim Co-CEO Clarisse Rosaz Shariyf said in a statement that Patchett's fiction “distills the essence of the human condition with humor and heart” and that Parnassus “has evolved into a refuge for readers and writers.” Other literary service honorees include Toni Morrison, Lorne Michaels and Bob Woodward.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/cybersecurity-israel-tehran-starup-raise.html
Article: Sanaz Yashar, the former spy and CEO of Zafran, told CNBC that the funding round comes as a result of the accelerating speed and pace of cyberattacks due to the on-going AI boon. Zafran did not disclose the valuation at which it raised, but the startup said it has tripled annual recurring revenue since its last round for $70 million in September 2024. Menlo Ventures led the funding round, with participation from Sequoia Capital and Cyberstarts, which was an early investor in the startup Wiz that sold to Google for $32 billion in March. "If the security tools were talking to each other, they could block it." Yashar, who moved to Israel from Tehran at 17, served for 15 years in an elite cybersecurity unit within the Israel Defense Forces known as Unit 8200.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/tuesday-wall-street-analyst-calls-from-stocks-like-nvidia.html
Article: Here are Tuesday's biggest calls on Wall Street: Morgan Stanley initiates Danaher as overweight Morgan Stanley named the life sciences company a top pick in 2026 and said it sees durable growth. " OneStream is a provider of software to the Office of the CFO, with leading products across financial close, consolidation, reporting, and planning, enabling it to win share from a large existing legacy base." Rosenblatt initiates BlackLine as buy Rosenblatt said it sees more upside in shares of the software company. "We believe BlackLine has done the work on multiple fronts to drive durable success and thus deliver accelerating growth and expanding margins." Jefferies initiates Kinetik Holdings as buy Jefferies said the Permian midstream company is an M & A candidate. We believe DHI's spec production model, deep local market share, broad geographic footprint, and land-light balance sheet can drive earnings and ROE outperformance through the cycle." Citi reiterates Nvidia and Synopsis as buy Citi said it's bullish on Synopsis partnership with Nvidia. "Yesterday morning, NVDA invested $2.0 billion in SNPS at $414.79 per share (~2.6% stake) in a multi-year partnership to drive a migration from CPU-based simulation workloads to GPU's." Wells Fargo reiterates Amazon as overweight Wells raised its price target on Amazon to $295 per share from $292. Estimate new capacity could add $150B in annual revenue, driving material upside pot'l to '27/'28 ests." Truist upgrades Six Flags to buy from hold The firm upgraded Six Flags and says it sees a host of positive catalysts ahead for the theme park company. "1) The new CEO, with significant experience in theme park operations, sounds promising; 2) The clear acknowledgment on the most recent earnings call that action needs to be taken to shed underperforming parks and seemingly a greater sense of urgency to do so is encouraging." Morgan Stanley initiates Solaris Energy Infrastructure as overweight Morgan Stanley said the energy company is well positioned. " Solaris provides onsite power for data centers, enabling faster time to power by avoiding electric grid bottlenecks." Barclays initiates Cloudflare as overweight Barclays said it sees a slew of positive catalysts for the cyber security company. "We are initiating at OW rating for 3 reasons: (1) NET supports 20% of the internet across 4 Acts, levered to cloud adoption, cybersecurity, AI inference, and no-click search; (2) Acts 1-3 compete in big markets and NET is taking share; (3) this drives 27-30% growth through FY28 and premium valuation." Barclays initiates CBRE as overweight Barclays said the real estate company is "best positioned to outperform." "The company has the largest and most diversified CRE services platform. As such, we believe CBRE is best positioned to capture TAM and aggressive recruiting/talent retention is not necessary to maintain market leadership." Bank of America reiterates Eli Lilly as buy The firm raised its price target to $1,286 per share from $950. In that vein, we launch OW on CRC and TBN , both possessing unique asset mix and several catalysts lined up for 2026." KeyBanc initiates Texas Pacific Land as overweight KeyBanc said it's bullish on the Texas real estate company. " TPL's $20B market cap, its pristine balance sheet, its 137- year history in Texas, its 882,000 surface acre footprint, and its status as an S & P 500 constituent are all favorable advantages in the competitive west Texas landscape." Read more. "DAR occupies a unique market position as the only global ingredients company with products principally from animal-origin materials." TD Cowen names Advanced Micro Devices a top pick TD Cowen said the stock is well positioned heading into 2026. "Despite appropriate concerns, we believe AI compute spending will prove durable and AMD has cemented itself as a winner." Evercore ISI reiterates Meta as outperform The firm said Meta's WhatsApp has "monetization potential." "We believe WhatsApp can become for META a 40x30 segment – one that can generate $40B in revenue by 2030 or 10% of total revenue, generating approx. "We raise our MU estimates for NovQ/FebQ and out years, to reflect better than expected pricing trends, driven by better server demand and stability in handset/PC." Bernstein reiterates Apple as outperform The firm said its checks show Apple's iPhone sales remain robust. Apple achieved its highest-ever single-month market share in October, reaching 24.2%, as unit sales increased 30% MoM / 12% YoY fueled by robust sales in both China and the US." Morgan Stanley upgrades Bausch & Lomb to overweight from equal weight Morgan Stanley said the ophthalmology company is well positioned heading into 2026. "We've also upgraded BLCO to Overweight and believe that it has the strongest pipeline within ophthalmology and represents up to a $7B/year opportunity" UBS initiates Liberty Energy as buy UBS said shares of the energy company have plenty more room to run. Our positive outlook is driven by LBRT's growing distributed power offering through Liberty Power Innovations (LPI)." Stifel upgrades Teradyne to buy from hold Stifel said the stock has AI optionality.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/dat-digital-asset-treasury-companies-explained.html
Article: Nurphoto | Nurphoto | Getty Images The term Digital Asset Treasury companies, known as DATs or DATCOs, has emerged as one of the biggest buzzwords in the digital currency industry this year, providing investors with a novel way to play crypto — but with new risks. But with crypto markets seeing a big plunge in recent weeks, the strategies of DATs has come under scrutiny and raised concerns about whether they could add further pressure to an already weak crypto market. "This eliminates regulatory ambiguity and ensures the same public reporting, disclosures, and investor protections as any public equity." Carol Alexander, professor of finance at Sussex University, told CNBC that DATs also offer an option to "institutional and professional investors with regulatory, fiduciary or operational constraints that make direct token ownership or crypto ETFs unsuitable." DAT strategies DATs offer unique capabilities that ETFs cannot, employing a range of strategies to enhance investor returns. watch now The investment bank also notes that if a DAT's stock price falls or near NAV, equity issuance becomes dilutive, meaning "new shares issued no longer increase crypto per share, but rather dilute existing shareholders' exposure. CoinShares' Butterfill said the "bubble has already decisively burst," with many DATs now trading at mNAVs below 1 and a "clear signal that the market fears" these companies will be forced to sell their digital assets.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/ai-threatens-to-widen-inequality-among-states-un?traffic_source=rss
Article: The report, titled “The Next Great Divergence” and released by the United Nations Development Programme’s Asia and Pacific regional bureau on Tuesday, calls for urgent, coordinated policy action to manage the impact of the technology. “We think that AI is heralding a new era of rising inequality between countries, following years of convergence in the last 50 years,” Philip Schellekens, the bureau’s chief economist, told a briefing in Geneva, according to the Reuters news agency. The report argues that AI, like the Industrial Revolution before it, has the potential to unlock unprecedented opportunities or deepen existing divides, across a global landscape marked by vast gaps in wealth, skills, and digital access. Advertisement The region, home to more than 55 percent of the world’s population, sits at the centre of the technological shift, the report said, accounting for more than half of global AI users. It could raise annual GDP growth by about 2 percentage points in the region, with ASEAN economies standing to gain nearly $1tn in additional GDP over the next decade, the report forecast.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/beyond-netanyahu-israels-major-political-corruption-scandals?traffic_source=rss
Article: Benjamin Netanyahu is the first sitting prime minister in Israel to stand trial after being accused of corruption, but he is hardly the only one to have been mired in such scandals. Nearly all Israeli prime ministers since 1996, including Ehud Barak, Ariel Sharon, and Ehud Olmert, alongside Netanyahu, have been investigated on charges of corruption, as have several other cabinet ministers, Knesset members, and mayors. Benjamin Netanyahu The sitting prime minister of Israel was indicted in three cases – known as “1000”, “2000”, and “4000” – for bribery, fraud, and breach of trust, involving allegedly accepting illicit gifts and trading regulatory favours for positive media coverage. On Sunday, November 30, President Isaac Herzog’s office confirmed that Netanyahu submitted a formal pardon request, saying his ongoing trial divides the nation as he goes on a spree of attacking neighbouring countries in the Middle East. Ehud Olmert Ehud Olmert, the former prime minister who served from 2006 to 2009, faced a range of charges over misconduct during his terms as trade minister, communications minister and finance minister. Olmert resigned in 2008 – staying on in a caretaker capacity for a few months – before he could be indicted after a US businessman, Morris Talansky, testified about giving Olmert cash-stuffed envelopes in the 1990s for political and personal expenses. Ariel Sharon Ariel Sharon, the former prime minister from March 2001 to April 2006, was investigated for bribery allegations that real-estate developers and foreign businessmen sought political favours from him and his sons in exchange for financial benefits. Ezer Weizman Ezer Weizman, who served as Israel’s president from 1993 to 2000 after retiring as commander of the Air Force and minister of defence, faced allegations of fraud and breach of trust for receiving large cash gifts – more than $300,000 from a French businessman – while serving as a lawmaker and minister. Although prosecutors determined that Weizman had accepted the money, he was never formally charged or tried in a court of law because the statute of limitations had elapsed by the time the investigation concluded. Aryeh Deri Aryeh Deri, one of the founders of the Shas political party who served as the vice prime minister under Netanyahu from December 2022 to January 2023, has been convicted of corruption twice. Despite this, PM Netanyahu appointed him interior and health minister, and the parliament passed the so-called “Deri Law” in 2022 that would limit the Supreme Court of Israel’s ability to review the “reasonableness” of government decisions.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/did-ex-south-african-president-zumas-daughter-recruit-for-russias-war?traffic_source=rss
Article: A daughter of South Africa’s former president, Jacob Zuma, on Friday resigned as a lawmaker after explosive allegations that she tricked 17 South African men into joining a Russian mercenary group to fight in Ukraine. South African police revealed early last week that the investigations into Zuma-Sambudla’s role in the case were prompted after her half sister, Nkosazana Bonganini Zuma-Mncube, filed an affidavit accusing the politician of trafficking South African men into fighting on the front lines of the Russia-Ukraine war with promises of lucrative job offers. Advertisement Zuma-McNube’s affidavit, filed on November 22, alleged that Zuma-Sambudla, alongside two others, lured the 17 men to Russia on claims that they would receive yearlong security training and then return to South Africa. “Driven by my moral obligation, I have opened a criminal case at the Sandton Police Station,” Zuma-Mcnube said, urging that the South African government should “expedite all diplomatic efforts to secure the immediate and safe return of our citizens”. A father of three told The New York Times he received a phone call in July from someone who identified themself as Zuma-Sambudla to join a yearlong training program in Russia after which he would have a job working in security for the MK party. The man said six weeks after arriving in Russia, his trainers surprisingly gave him military fatigues, and he was sent to the front lines of the war in Ukraine’s Donbas region. Another South African man who said he was on the front lines in Ukraine told the BBC that Zuma-Sambudla and other recruiters had bought him tickets to travel from South Africa. South African officials said earlier on November 6 that they received distress signals from 17 South Africans aged between 20 and 39, who were asking to be removed from the front lines in Ukraine. Speaking on the sidelines of the G20 Leaders’ Summit in Johannesburg last week, Foreign Minister Richard Lamola said South Africa was talking to Russian and Ukrainian authorities to repatriate the trapped men. “The police must investigate and whoever is involved in this must be arrested,” Lamola said, adding: “It is not an easy situation because they are [on] the front lines of this battle, but we are hopeful that there will be breakthroughs.” Who are the five people who have been charged? Authorities said they responded to a tip-off as the group of five tried to leave the country on a flight from OR Tambo International Airport to Russia via the UAE. It is a crime to serve in a foreign military without permission from the country’s National Conventional Arms Control Committee, according to South Africa’s 1998 Regulation of Foreign Military Assistance Act. Authorisations may be denied if the requests are found to conflict with South Africa’s obligations under international law or if they will result in the infringement of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the territory in which the foreign military assistance is to be rendered. Speaking to Al Jazeera, South Africa analyst Sanusha Naidu said the case was not likely to affect Russia-South Africa relations, which have become stronger in recent years under President Cyril Ramaphosa. “I don’t think that the relationship is going to be any different now than in the past just because you have mercenaries who have been recruited by one person linked to the MK party,” she said. “[The recruitments] contravene our internal legislations, so it’s not going to shift the relations from where it is now.” In October 2024, an AP investigation found that young African women were being lured to work at the Alabuga Special Economic Zone in Russia’s Tatarstan region, where some helped produce military grade drones. Kenyan authorities, in September, said they rescued more than 20 people from a suspected trafficking ring that had intended to lure them to fight in the Ukraine war with promises of jobs in Russia. In a statement submitted to police authorities last Monday, Zuma-Sambudla claimed she herself was a “victim” of the scheme, alleging that she had been deceived by a person called Blessing Rhulani Khoza, who she said contacted her on WhatsApp with promises of lucrative security contracts in Russia. Zuma-Sambudla claimed she again flew to Russia after hearing the men, including her family members, were sent to battle, and that she filed appeals with Russian officials and the South African embassy there. “I would not, under any circumstances, knowingly expose my own family or any other person to harm.” Zuma-Sambudla had served as a parliament member for the MK party since June 2024. Meanwhile, the Democratic Alliance party, a former opposition party that joined the ruling coalition alongside the ANC since 2024, sued Zuma-Sambudla last Thursday, on charges of human trafficking and recruitment for mercenary activities. The DA – which has long been against South Africa’s closeness with Moscow amid Russia’s war on Ukraine – alleged it had access to messages from a WhatsApp group chat “administered” by Zuma-Sambudla, and claimed the Ramaphosa presidency and Zuma knew about the recruitments. The chats “show clear coordination in luring at least 22 men to Russia under the guise of ‘personal development’, ‘security training’, and even promises of Russian or Canadian citizenship”, the party said.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/dells-billions-donation-trump-accounts-rcna246946
Article: "These deposits will reach the accounts of most children age 10 and under who were born prior to the qualifying date for the federal newborn contribution," the Dells said in a statement issued by their foundation. "It is an incredibly practical and direct step to help families begin saving today." The Dells say they "believe this effort will expand opportunity, strengthen communities, and help more children take ownership of their future." The Dell family gift “is expected to reach nearly 80% of children age 10 and under across 75% of U.S. Trump accounts can be invested only in low-cost index funds or ETFs that either mirror the S&P 500 or "another American stock index," according to the White House Council of Economic Advisers. "Trump Accounts represent a potentially valuable tool for building up savings and tapping the power of compound growth for the young," Charles Schwab tax planning director Hayden Adams recently wrote. If a family could contribute and invest the maximum $5,000 per year in the accounts, and with a reasonable growth rate of about 6%, "by age 18, the child's account would hold around $191,000 in assets." Once a child turns 18, the accounts are eligible to be converted to a traditional individual retirement account, "meaning it could continue to accumulate potential gains on a tax-free basis" for many years.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/houston-burglary-victim-says-restitution-lags-fake-utility-worker-theft/18238398/
Article: Victim says restitution lags after fake utility worker theft A burglary victim says she's frustrated by the lack of restitution payments after she says men posing as utility workers stole thousands from her. Marge Vlasak and her son say Houston police did their part by arresting the suspects, but they now question whether the courts are enforcing the punishment and restitution that were ordered. "They went in my bedroom, in the closet where it's closed off, picked the safe up, and walked off." Inside that safe was more than $200,000 in jewelry, cash, and family heirlooms. On Monday night, the Harris County Community Supervision and Corrections Department told ABC13 that the court believes Mitchell is making a good faith effort to meet his restitution obligations and has been under supervision only since September.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/apple-replay-1-song-apple-musics-2025-songs-128033414
Article: Rosé and Bruno Mars’ massively popular, Grammy-nominated “APT.” topped Apple Music’s global song chart in 2025 as the giant music streamer released year-end lists Tuesday and provided listeners with data on their own most listened-to tunes. Mars makes another appearance, in third, for his collaboration with Lady Gaga, “Die With a Smile.” Then it's Lamar again in fourth — “Not Like Us” returns to a top spot, after earning the No. 1 position in 2024 — and in fifth, it's Billie Eilish with “Birds of a Feather.” The success of Lamar's “GNX” album kept listeners engaged, and five of his songs made the global chart's Top 25. They claimed the top spot on the streaming platform's Shazam Global Radio Spins chart, the Top 100: Global Radio chart (which tracks the most played songs on radio stations around the world) and Apple’s most-read lyrics charts. “The phenomenal global success of Rosé and Bruno Mars’ ‘APT.’ has been a powerful reminder that great songs will always transcend borders,” Rachel Newman, Apple Music’s co-head, said in a statement. Replay highlights include a Discovery feature (where users can track new artists they discovered this year), Loyalty (the artists they listen to consistently) and Comebacks (the ones who've made a return to their listening rotation). The multi-hyphenate rapper, one year after the release of his critically acclaimed album “Chromakopia,” earned 4.5 billion minutes of listening time between November 2024 and October 2025, Apple Music reported.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/trumps-boat-bombings-how-the-us-has-long-used-double-tap-strikes?traffic_source=rss
Article: The White House has confirmed that a top US Navy commander ordered a second round of strikes on an alleged Venezuelan drug boat in September despite almost completely destroying it in the first attack. In a social media post, the US Central Command (CENTCOM) said the objective of these strikes was “to degrade the economic source of power of the Houthis, who continue to exploit and bring great pain upon their fellow countrymen”. CENTCOM, the US military arm overseeing operations in the Middle East, Central Asia and parts of South Asia, added: “Today, US forces took action to eliminate this source of fuel for the Iran-backed Houthi terrorists.” The strike killed at least 80 people and wounded another 150, according to the Hodeidah Health Office in Yemen. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), an American Muslim civil rights and advocacy organisation, said the US struck the site a second time – a “double tap” – just as first responders were arriving at the scene. Sources, including the AFP news agency, suggested that those civilians were killed in the second of a double-tap attack after they had gone to help those hurt in the first strike. 2012: Pakistan During the administration of US President Barack Obama, US missiles hit a tent in Zowi Sidgi, a remote village in North Waziristan, in July 2012, in what was described by people on the ground as a double strike. US reporter David Zucchino, who was embedded with the US military, reported that Iraqi soldiers who had appeared to be dead were getting up and firing at US vehicles from behind, after they passed by. For this reason, US Army Lieutenant Colonel Eric Schwartz ordered US soldiers to “double tap” – or shoot at anyone who showed any signs of moving close to a weapon. Footage from the mosque attack sparked controversy, prompting an investigation by the US military into whether a US soldier who shot a prisoner had acted in self-defence, legitimately fearing a surprise attack. Double-tap strikes date back to the 19th century, when British soldiers fired at bodies of French soldiers who had fallen to the ground during fighting at the Battle of Waterloo. This practice continued through World War I, when soldiers from both the Allied and Central Powers – including Britain, France and Germany – used bayonets to stab enemy soldiers lying on the ground. Advertisement Overall, since Israel’s war on Gaza began in October 2023, Airwars has recorded 28 instances of Israel carrying out double-tap strikes in Gaza, which have killed or injured medics and civilians.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/burry-tesla-valuation.html
Article: Michael Burry questioned Tesla 's valuation as the investor of "The Big Short" fame took aim at the practice of technology companies issuing tons of stock-based compensation and excluding it from earnings results. The investor argues that when accounting for the true profits that include the cost of this compensation and its negative dilution of the company's value over time, companies like Tesla should have lower valuations. "Tesla's market capitalization is ridiculously overvalued today and has been for a good long time," Burry, who rose to fame for his call on a housing market bubble in the 2000s, wrote to subscribers of his new paid Substack. He posted a chart with subscribers that he said "shows the kind of present value destruction that this level of dilution can impart." He said the vote to accept Musk's $1 trillion compensation plan means investors should expect to get diluted further — meaning that that these additional shares water down their ownership of the company.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/watch-live-trump-makes-announcement-on-trump-accounts-for-babies-as-dell-family-pledges-more-than-6-billion
Article: NEW YORK (AP) — Billionaires Michael and Susan Dell pledged $6.25 billion Tuesday to provide 25 million American children under 10 an incentive to claim the new investment accounts for children created as part of President Donald Trump’s tax and spending legislation. It will build hope and opportunity and prosperity for generations to come,” said Michael Dell, the founder and CEO of Dell Technologies whose estimated net worth is $148 billion, according to Forbes. “And we’re all rooting for them to have a wonderful future, a bright future, and that that’s available to them.” Under the new law, the Treasury will deposit $1,000 into the accounts of children born between Jan. The Dells hope their gift will encourage families to claim the accounts and deposit more money into it, even small amounts, so it will grow over time along with the stock market. “And so, this is a unique platform that’s being created by the government that I think can unlock major giving.” Gerstner is also the founder of Invest America Charitable Foundation, which is supporting the Treasury in launching the accounts. “We would like to see this idea continue and get better over time, just like any big policy,’ said Boshara, who co-edited the book “The Future of Building Wealth.” “The ACA, Social Security – they start off fairly flawed, but get much better and more progressive and inclusive over time. It’s a down payment on a big idea that deserves to be improved and there’s bipartisan interest in improving them.” Through the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, the Dells have reported giving $2.9 billion since 1999, with a large focus on education. Michael Dell said they had not initially envisioned committing so much to boost the child investment accounts, but Susan Dell said over time, they decided to increase the size of their commitment.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/wall-streets-top-stock-picks-for-2026-goldmans-under-the-radar-name-with-upside.html
Article: CNBC Pro obtained the lists of top stock picks that the major firms, such as Goldman Sachs, are giving clients, and looked for the names where analysts see the most upside. For instance, the company currently derives around 22% of revenue from providing restructuring advice — a segment that should see outsized growth in the event of an economic downturn, Yaro wrote. "HLI offers best-in-class protection from an economic slowdown through its restructuring business (~22% of [trailing 12-month] revenue), its skew to the healthier mid-cap and sponsor M & A businesses, and margin stability, as well as possessing underappreciated growth potential, as the new CEO is more focused on acquisitions than on capital returns," Yaro said. "In a more challenging Investment Banking backdrop, HLI should be able to undertake an increasing number of bolt-on deals at better prices than it would see at a market peak." Led by CEO Scott Joseph Adelson, Houlihan Lokey typically makes as many as three acquisitions annually.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/mistral-unveils-new-ai-models-in-bid-to-compete-with-openai-google.html
Article: The French company's announcement follows on from model releases from the likes of DeepSeek and Google in recent weeks, as AI labs across the globe scramble to remain at the frontier of research while also building out commercial operations. Mistral's release includes a large model which it claims is the "world's best open-weight multimodal and multilingual." It also announced the release of a small model the company says can be used in robotics, devices and drones. "This spectrum of models further extends our customers' applied AI capabilities to robotics, autonomous drones, and small on-device applications without network access, as well as the world's largest enterprise agentic workflows."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/chatgpt-uses-business-icons-ceos-advice.html
Article: As Strober was laying out the milestones for her startup's next phase of growth, getting guidance and mentorship from successful business leaders — through AI prompts — became a key, surprising part of her process. During a recent plane ride, Strober says she "talked to John Doerr for eight hours," gathering feedback on her ideas for Midi's 'Objectives and Key Results' (OKRs), a framework Doerr has championed to help companies and organizations set and achieve ambitious goals. Doerr is the author of "Measure What Matters" — a guide to the OKR system adopted by Google, the Gates Foundation, and Bono — and has shared his approach across podcasts, speeches, videos and interviews over the the past several decades. Though she has never received advice directly from the real Doerr, Strober's closest friend growing up in Silicon Valley was the late Susan Wojcicki, who is featured in Doerr's book for the OKRs she developed at YouTube. As Strober sat on that same plane ride refining her business strategy, and texting with her husband, he suggested running the business goals past an AI-generated version of Wojcicki, which he did. "I was very emotional on the plane when she said, 'these are pretty good, but I might think about this, and I might change this.'" "It was actually very valuable to have her giving me advice," Strober added.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/bulgarian-government-pulls-budget-amid-fierce-protests?traffic_source=rss
Article: The government’s information service reported on Tuesday that it had asked parliament to withdraw the 2026 budget – which had provoked public anger over planned tax increases and higher social security contributions. The budget row adds to years of political instability in Bulgaria, which has gone through seven snap elections and a succession of short-lived governments since massive anti-corruption protests in 2020. ‘Not allow ourselves to be robbed’ Critics of the latest budget proposal, the first to be calculated in euros, argued that it would not only hurt the economy but funnel more money into state institutions they believe to be corrupt. The government initially promised to retract and overhaul the budget proposal after protests last week, but later backed away, sparking another round of protests in major cities on Monday night. Advertisement Chanting slogans like “we will not allow ourselves to be lied to; we will not allow ourselves to be robbed” and “resignation”, demonstrators demanded that the government revise the draft budget or step down. Around half of Bulgarians oppose adopting the euro, fearing that it will impinge on the sovereignty of the country and that retailers will exploit the changeover from the national currency, the lev, to the euro to raise prices.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/features/2025/12/2/israels-genocide-in-gaza-has-not-stopped-despite-ceasefire-analysts?traffic_source=rss
Article: “If you break genocide down to its essence, it’s not only mass killing,” Muhammad Shehada, a visiting fellow with the Middle East and North Africa programme at the European Council on Foreign Relations, told Al Jazeera. Political theatre and spectacle Analysts say that instead of coming as a reprieve for Palestinians, the ceasefire gave the international community an excuse to stop focusing on Israel’s actions in Gaza. It has also failed to allow the entry of the amount of aid it agreed to, destroyed more than 1,500 buildings, and expanded deeper into Gaza, cutting people off from their homes. “The main difference, of course, is the reduced media coverage, which was one of the intended purposes of the so-called ceasefire,” Lebanese Palestinian researcher and writer Elia Ayoub told Al Jazeera. “There is far less pressure on Israel today than there was until October 10, with no sign of accountability on the horizon.” ‘Israel’s genocide is not over’ The ongoing harm to Palestinians in Gaza has also been noted by Amnesty International, which released a legal analysis last week of what it called the “ongoing genocide in the Occupied Gaza Strip”. The analysis cites the number of Palestinians killed since the ceasefire went into effect, Israel’s restriction of relief, humanitarian and medical supplies, and how Israel’s blockade and siege of Gaza led to a famine, and thus an increased vulnerability to illnesses. “So far, there is no indication that Israel is taking serious measures to reverse the deadly impact of its crimes and no evidence that its intent has changed,” Callamard said. Philippe Lazzarini, head of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA), said on October 1, before the ceasefire, that 100 people were dying in Gaza a day, mostly from Israeli military operations or shootings at Gaza Humanitarian Foundation aid distribution points. “Israel is continuing its genocide in Gaza, but its pace is different; the destruction on the houses is continuing and the killing of Palestinians is continuing, and the Israeli yellow line of occupation in the Gaza Strip is part of the genocide,” defence analyst Hamze Attar told Al Jazeera. “The genocide is not only about killing people, but about restricting people from going back to their homes and creating a new reality in the Gaza Strip.” Simply genocide One of the ceasefire’s main stipulations was for Hamas and other Palestinian groups to return the captives held in Gaza. As for the United States, which helped pressure Israel into the deal, Shehada said Trump is more interested in the spectacle of peace than in “the dynamics on the ground”, adding that Israel violates the ceasefire systematically, making it difficult for mediators to keep up. “It confirms what we already knew: that the goal is not to defeat an armed enemy, Hamas, but to make sure that life itself cannot be sustained in Gaza in the long-term,” Ayoub said.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/was-ex-honduras-leader-hernandez-victim-of-biden-set-up-as-trump-claims?traffic_source=rss
Article: As the United States continued its military campaign against what the Trump administration calls “narco-terrorists” in the Caribbean, President Donald Trump announced he would pardon a former Honduran president notorious for his involvement in the US drug trade. “If somebody sells drugs in that country, that doesn’t mean you arrest the president and put him in jail for the rest of his life,” Trump said, without providing evidence of the alleged “set-up”. Trump inaccurately stated the nature of the former Honduran president’s arrest and conviction: the US did not try Hernandez after his presidency because he sold drugs in Honduras, but because he was deeply involved in the transit of illicit drugs into the US. The US Justice Department said Hernandez had financed his political career with drug trafficking proceeds and had used his presidential authority to traffic hundreds of tonnes of cocaine to the US. Documents presented in the case said Hernandez facilitated the importation into the US of more than 400 tonnes of cocaine — equivalent to about 4.5 billion doses — working with coconspirators armed with machineguns, assault rifles and grenade launchers. Under international law, a sitting head of state or head of government enjoys “complete immunity” from prosecution in the courts of another country, said Anthony Clark Arend, a Georgetown University professor of government and foreign service who specialises in international law. Hernandez’s prosecution “seemed to have legitimacy both in the US and in Honduras”, said Daniel Sabet, a visiting fellow at the SNF Agora Institute at Johns Hopkins University who studies Central America. (Noriega’s status as head of government was contested in Panama at the time, and his status was not recognised by the US.) After turning himself in and being extradited to the US state of Florida, Noriega was tried and convicted on eight counts of drug trafficking, money laundering, and racketeering.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/why-is-the-uk-scaling-back-jury-trials-and-why-is-it-controversial?traffic_source=rss
Article: Advertisement A Justice Ministry memo, which was circulated around Whitehall last week, had seemed to suggest Lammy would go further than he has announced by allowing jury trials for “public interest” cases with potential prison sentences of over five years only. Announcing his criminal court reform in the Commons, he said, “I will create new swift courts within the crown court with a judge alone deciding verdicts in trial of either way cases with a likely sentence of three years or less as Sir Brian [Leveson] recommends.” What are the criticisms of these proposals? In advance of Lammy’s announcement, Mark Evans, president of the Law Society of England and Wales, which represents thousands of solicitors, told The Guardian newspaper that the proposals were an “extreme measure” that go “far beyond” Leveson’s recommendations. Advertisement Riel Karmy-Jones, a criminal solicitor, told the BBC that the new proposals would not fix the backlog, which she blamed on decades of underfunding in the UK’s legal system. “In complex or sensitive cases, removing the community from assessing credibility and fairness undermines trust in a way that cannot be compensated for by concentrating decisions in the hands of a single judge.” A survey of Criminal Bar Association members found 88.5 percent are opposed to the creation of new “swift courts”. The English Bill of Rights in 1689 further entrenched the right of defendants to trial by jury, particularly in criminal matters, as a safeguard against interference or abuses by the King. India abolished virtually all jury-led trials for criminal cases following a notorious murder trial in 1959, during which intense media pressure and perceived jury bias led to the controversial acquittal of Kawas Manekshaw Nanavati.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c75vdxd517eo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Andrew won't get any money back after Royal Lodge move There will now be an MPs' inquiry launched into the Crown Estate and its royal leases, says committee chair, Sir Geoffrey Clifton-Brown. But a report from the Crown Estate for MPs on the public spending watchdog says that the property is so dilapidated and in need of repairs that in "all likelihood" Andrew "will not be owed any compensation". Sir Geoffrey said the information from the Crown Estate "clearly forms the beginnings of a basis for an inquiry" which will begin next year and will consider the Crown Estate and property leases with the Royal Family. The information supplied by the Crown Estate also showed that Andrew had handed in his notice on the property on 30 October, the day that it had been announced that he had lost his titles. Andrew had taken on a 75-year lease of Royal Lodge in 2003, paying over £8.5m up-front to cover renovation costs and paying in advance to remove any requirement for rent. But following a growing public outcry about his links to the sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, Andrew was stripped of titles such as the Duke of York and his status as prince, becoming Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cm28ejzlv9lo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Diddy hits out at 'shameful' and 'illegal' documentary 2 hours ago Share Save Ian Youngs , Culture reporter and Mark Savage , Music correspondent Share Save Reuters Sean Combs is currently serving a 50-month prison sentence The four-part documentary, titled Sean Combs: The Reckoning, was released on Tuesday and is billed as a "staggering examination" of the hip-hop mogul, who was convicted on prostitution-related charges earlier this year. "If Netflix cared about truth or about Mr Combs's legal rights, it would not be ripping private footage out of context - including conversations with his lawyers that were never intended for public viewing. No rights in that material were ever transferred to Netflix or any third party." The statement added: "For Netflix to give his life story to someone who has publicly attacked him for decades feels like an unnecessary and deeply personal affront. At minimum, he expected fairness from people he respected." The documentary opens with footage of Combs in a hotel room six days before arrest in September 2024, talking on the phone to attorney Marc Agnifilo and telling him he wants to "fight for my life". It has to be somebody that has dealt in the dirtiest of dirtiest of dirty business of [the] media and propaganda." At another point, viewers see Combs talking to his son Justin on the phone five days before his arrest. It is fundamentally unfair, and illegal, for Netflix to misappropriate that work." Netflix has not responded to a request for a response but pointed US media to comments it has published from the documentary's director Alexandria Stapleton. "We moved heaven and earth to keep the film-maker's identity confidential." The documentary is executive produced by Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson, whose long-running feud with Combs stretches back two decades. There's no-one else being vocal." The documentary covers Combs' career as one of the most powerful men in hip-hop, and includes allegations that he was involved in the murder of rapper Tupac Shakur in 1996.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c62lgler7rlo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The VAR assessing wrongly issued second yellow cards is likely to be approved from the start of the next campaign because there are relatively few of those in a season - certainly compared to number of corners in a game. A real issue for domestic leagues is resource, especially as you drop down the tiers - whereas Fifa has the ability to appoint as many video referees as it wants for its showpiece event. There is also the connected technology in the Adidas ball, not available to leagues, which means the VAR during the World Cup would be able to instantly identify who touched the ball last in close cases. If corners were to be added to protocol, it would mean that all leagues with VAR would have to check them - not just the Premier League, but including the Scottish Premiership, the Dutch Eredivisie, down to the second divisions in Germany, France, Italy and Spain.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/israels-netanyahu-says-deal-with-syria-possible-but-demands-buffer-zone?traffic_source=rss
Article: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said an agreement with Syria is achievable, outlining expectations that Syrian authorities establish a demilitarised buffer zone stretching from Damascus to Jabal al-Sheikh, which Israel currently occupies. Israel captured the Golan Heights from Syria in the 1967 war and later illegally annexed the area, a move recognised by the United States but rejected by most of the international community. Then, after the fall of former Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in December 2024, it reneged on a 1974 agreement and expanded further into Syrian territory, seizing areas including the whole of Jabal al-Sheikh, a mountain that commands views over northern Israel and southern Syria. “What we expect Syria to do is, of course, to establish a demilitarised buffer zone from Damascus to the buffer area, including the approaches to Mount Hermon and the Hermon peak,” Netanyahu said, using the Israeli name for Jabal al-Sheikh, during a visit to wounded soldiers in central Israel. Advertisement “We hold these areas in order to ensure the security of Israel’s citizens, and that is what obligates us.” He added, “With goodwill and an understanding of these principles, it is possible to reach an agreement with the Syrians, but we will stand by our principles in any case.” The Trump administration has been attempting to broker a non-aggression pact between the two countries, while the US president has expressed his support for Syria’s new leader, President Ahmed al-Sharaa. “We are doing everything within our power to make sure the Government of Syria continues to do what was intended, which is substantial, in order to build a true and prosperous Country.” “The new President of Syria, Ahmed al-Sharaa, is working diligently to make sure good things happen, and that both Syria and Israel will have a long and prosperous relationship together,” he added. Israel and Syria have been in talks for months over a settlement, but Israeli media have recently reported that talks between the two had reached a dead end, mainly as a result of Netanyahu’s unwillingness to compromise on Israel’s refusal to withdraw from the territory it has seized in the last year.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/2/athletic-bilbao-vs-real-madrid-la-liga-preview-team-news-start?traffic_source=rss
Article: Who: Athletic Bilbao vs Real Madrid What: Spain’s La Liga Where: The San Mames Stadium, Bilbao, Spain When: Wednesday at 7pm (18:00 GMT) How to follow: We’ll have all the build-up on Al Jazeera Sport from 15:00 GMT in advance of our live text commentary stream. Real Madrid are looking to get their title charge back on track against Athletic Bilbao after a series of draws enabled rivals Barcelona to gain pole position in La Liga. Athletic Bilbao, who are eighth in the division with 20 points from their opening 14 games, sealed a 2-0 win at Levante on Saturday with goals from Robert Navarro and Nico Williams. Pressures grows on Real Madrid manager Alonso The draw with Girona increases the pressure on Real coach Xabi Alonso, with recent rumours suggesting his future is in doubt in the Madrid dugout. It was not enough to turn it around, but we were close, and we have to continue with the unity we have, being self-critical enough, and wanting to win away from home.” Madrid travel to Bilbao on Wednesday for a fourth consecutive league match on the road, a game moved because of the club’s participation in the Spanish Super Cup in January. ‘We need to change this dynamic’ Madrid’s superstar striker Kylian Mbappe had a goal ruled out for handball moments before Morocco international Azzedine Ounahi fired Girona ahead on Sunday, rifling home from just inside the area to stun the illustrious visitors. “We need to change this dynamic and show who we are as a team.” Bilbao get morale boost with win over Levante Manager Ernesto Valverde admitted that Athletic’s win over Levante gave his side a much-needed morale boost after a number of depressing defeats in recent weeks. “This match was very important for us in many ways, both from a morale standpoint, and above all, to get our confidence after some less than positive results,” Valverde said following the match. Valverde, however, cautioned that “now we have a difficult and very exciting week ahead of us with tough opponents coming to San Mames”, adding that “we have to take each game as it comes and fight for the win”. Williams says club and city ‘mean everything to me’ amid transfer rumours The Athletic winger spoke in an interview with GQ Hype about his deep attachment to his boyhood club and the city of Bilbao, after being again linked with a move to Barcelona despite him extending his contract until 2035. We all know that Athletic is unique in the world, as the motto says.” He added: “Here in Bilbao, I have my family and loved ones with whom I make every decision. Playing alongside my brother in the Champions League is a dream come true.” Head-to-head The two clubs have faced each other on 248 occasions, with Real Madrid winning 124, Athletic Club winning 79, and 45 games ending as draws. Advertisement Benat Prados, Unai Egiluz, Maroan Sannadi and Robert Navarro have all been ruled out with injuries, and Inaki Williams remains a major doubt after missing Athletic’s last seven games with a groin issue. Athletic Bilbao’s predicted starting XI Simon; Gorosabel, Laporte, Vivian, Berchiche; Ruiz de Galarreta, Jauregizar; Berenguer, Sanchez, Nico Williams; Gomez Real Madrid’s team news Madrid’s injury issues are centred around the defence at the moment. Centre-back Dean Huijsen is a major doubt after missing the last two games with a muscular problem, while David Alaba is also unlikely to feature as he recovers from his own muscular injury.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/global-economy-projected-to-grow-3-2-this-year-more-than-expected-despite-u-s-trade-war
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — The world economy has proven surprisingly durable in the face of President Donald Trump’s trade wars, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said Tuesday, upgrading its outlook for global and U.S. Here’s what experts say they mean The 38-country OECD now forecasts that the world economy will grow 3.2% this year, down a tick from 3.3% in 2024 but an improvement on the 2.9% it had predicted for 2025 back in June. “The global economy has been resilient this year, despite concerns about a sharper slowdown in the wake of higher trade barriers and significant policy uncertainty,” OECD Secretary-General Mathias Cormann wrote in a commentary accompanying the forecasts.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/strategy-shares-have-been-wrecked-by-bitcoin-sell-off-how-to-bet-on-a-bounce-using-options.html
Article: If you are interested in following an emotionless rules based trading system built on these principles, please check out here where my CNBC readers get a special Black Friday/Cyber Monday offer. The trade setup: MSTR 170-175 bull call spread For this MSTR setup, I'm using a bull call spread — a strategy that caps risk while offering a potential 100% ROI. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/opinions/2025/12/2/europe-should-seize-russias-frozen-assets-now?traffic_source=rss
Article: Washington aims to make a deal to end the full-scale war Russia launched in February 2022 that Russian President Vladimir Putin has waged against Ukraine, even if it means abandoning longstanding international principles that prohibit the recognition of territory acquired through military occupation. For Europe more broadly, and the European Union in particular, however, there is far more at stake than those principles, which Washington has rarely prioritised in its own foreign policy. Of course, all of this must be managed while ensuring that the Trump administration does not itself further endanger European security by once again casting doubt on its commitment to NATO’s security infrastructure. By last year, 23 NATO members were spending the target 2 percent of GDP on defence, and the alliance agreed a new goal of raising core defence spending to at least 3.5 percent of GDP by 2035, with up to another 1.5 percent of GDP to be spent on critical infrastructure and on expanding their defence industrial bases. Advertisement More immediately, Europe has also surpassed the US for the first time since June 2022 in total military aid for Ukraine, with 72 billion euros ($83.6bn) allocated compared with Washington’s 65 billion euros ($75.5bn) by the end of April, according to the Ukraine Support Tracker. Yet, regardless of the outcome of the Trump administration’s efforts to push Ukraine towards a negotiating position that Putin might be willing to accept, the increased European support is not enough to offset the standstill in US funding. Without dramatic action, Europe risks being left to Trump’s whims as to its future security, despite having bowed to his demands not only on NATO spending and military support for Ukraine, but also on trade through agreements that have seen the US’s average tariff rate on imports from the EU and UK rise sharply. But there is a clear policy choice that Europe can make to ensure that financial support for Kyiv remains sufficient over the coming years and to shape the outcome of any settlement to the conflict, while simultaneously further deterring Putin. Most importantly, they can seize the 185 billion euros ($214.8bn) frozen at the Belgium-based clearing house Euroclear – the majority of which is now in cash and can thus rapidly be deployed or reinvested – as well as the Russian government funds frozen at Euroclear’s Luxembourg-based rival, Clearstream, which are estimated to amount to around 20 billion euros ($23.2bn). The Euroclear assets have already been used to underpin an earlier $50bn (43 billion euros) loan to Ukraine finalised in January 2025, which is secured over earnings from those assets. Europe had been expected to advance a plan to create a new loan – one amounting to as much as 140 billion euros ($162.6bn) – secured over the assets at the European Council meeting on December 18-19, after delaying a final decision at the previous council meeting on October 23. The delay was largely due to obstinacy from the Belgian government, which has demanded indemnification from the rest of Europe while endorsing Kremlin talking points that such a move would be unprecedented. In the latter case, Japan’s assets were even frozen before the attack on Pearl Harbour, the majority of which were later retained under the San Francisco Peace Treaty of 1951. Additionally, there are dozens of unresolved claims worth tens of billions of dollars against Russia in European courts — including the roughly 13-billion-euro ($15bn) arbitration award won by energy firm Uniper against Gazprom for disruption to gas supplies in 2022. That award survived all appeals: in October 2025, the Supreme Court of the Netherlands rejected Russia’s final challenge, confirming that the award — now valued at more than $65bn, including interest — is final and enforceable against Russian state assets worldwide. The only clear-cut cases of either the West or Russia returning funds owed as a result of litigation arising from Russia’s war have been the settlements paid by Russian state insurer NSK and aviation firm Aeroflot over Putin’s 2022 seizure of aircraft leased from Western companies. The 28-point “peace plan” formulated by Kremlin insiders and signed off by Trump’s special envoy and long-time associate Steve Witkoff last month not only includes carving up these same frozen funds and even demands that Europe itself provide a further $100 billion, but would also divert frozen Russian assets away from Ukraine’s reconstruction while imposing an additional financial burden directly on Europe. Such a deal would leave Europe footing an even larger bill if the Kremlin fails to adhere to its commitments — as it did with the ceasefire agreements struck in 2014 and 2015 following its initial invasion of Ukraine.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/amazon-launches-cloud-ai-tool-to-help-engineers-recover-from-outages.html
Article: DevOps Agent, as the artificial intelligence tool from Amazon Web Services is called, predicts the cause of technical hiccups using input from third-party tools such as Datadog and Dynatrace . The AI outage tool from AWS is intended to help companies more quickly figure out what caused an outage and implement fixes, Swami Sivasubramanian, vice president of agentic AI at AWS, told CNBC. "By the time the on-call ops team member dials in, they have an incident report with preliminary investigation of what could be the likely outcome, and then suggest what could be the remediation as well," Sivasubramanian told CNBC ahead of AWS' Reinvent conference in Las Vegas this week. Since the launch of ChatGPT in 2022, these cloud infrastructure providers have been trying to demonstrate how generative AI models, which are often training in large cloud computing data centers, can speed up work for software developers.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/amazon-nova-forge-lets-clients-customize-ai-models-for-100000-a-year.html
Article: The Nova Forge offering from Amazon Web Services gives organizations access to Amazon's AI models in various stages of training so they can incorporate their own data earlier in the process. A July survey from Menlo Ventures said that by the middle of this year, Amazon-backed Anthropic controlled 32% of the market for enterprise LLMs, followed by OpenAI with 25%, Google with 20% and Meta with 9% — Amazon Nova had a less than 5% share, a Menlo spokesperson said. We have invented on their behalf to make this happen." Nova Forge is also in use by internal Amazon customers, including teams that work on the company's stores and the Alexa AI assistant, Prasad said. Nova 2 Pro is a reasoning model whose tests show it performs at least as well as Anthropic's Claude Sonnet 4.5, OpenAI's GPT-5 and GPT-5.1, and Google's Gemini 3.0 Pro Preview, Amazon said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/elon-musk-lists-his-three-most-important-ingredients-for-ai-.html
Article: Elon Musk has again sounded the alarm on the dangers of AI and listed what he considers as the three most important ingredients to ensure a positive future with the technology. "There's some danger when you create a powerful technology, that a powerful technology can be potentially destructive." Musk was a co-founder of OpenAI alongside Sam Altman, but left its board in 2018 and publicly criticized the company for ditching its founding mission as a non-profit to develop AI safely after it launched ChatGPT in 2022. Musk has previously warned that "one of the biggest risks to the future of civilization is AI," and stressed that rapid advancements are leading AI to become a bigger risk to society than cars or planes or medicines. He said that, without strictly adhering to truths, AI will learn information from online sources where it "will absorb a lot of lies and then have trouble reasoning because these lies are incompatible with reality." He added: "You can make an AI go insane if you force it to believe things that aren't true because it will lead to conclusions that are also bad." "Hallucination" — responses that are incorrect or misleading — is a major challenge facing AI. These included a false summary from the BBC News app notifications on a story about the PDC World Darts Championship semi-final, where it wrongly claimed that the British darts player Luke Littler had won the championship. Apple told the BBC at the time that it was working on an update to resolve the problem which clarifies when Apple Intelligence is responsible for the text shown in the notifications. Musk added that "some appreciation of beauty is important" and that "you know it when you see it." Musk said AI should want to know more about the nature of reality because humanity is more interesting than machines. Geoffrey Hinton, a computer scientist and ex-vice president at Google known as a "Godfather of AI," said earlier this year that there's a "10% to 20% chance" that AI will "wipe us out," in an episode of the Diary of a CEO podcast. "The hope is that if enough smart people do enough research with enough resources, we'll figure out a way to build them so they'll never want to harm us," Hinton added.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/live-results-tennessee-7th-congressional-district-special-election
Article: Democrats hope to extend their winning streak by pulling off an upset in this Middle Tennessee district, where Donald Trump and other GOP candidates routinely win with around 60% of the vote. 4 general election, the next test at the ballot box for both parties heading into the 2026 midterm season will be Tuesday in a Tennessee special congressional election on usually reliable GOP turf. WATCH: Democrats dominate in first election since Trump’s return to White House As the final high-profile head-to-head party matchup of the year, the race has attracted attention from national political figures. The Nashville area once anchored a separate congressional district favorable to Democrats, but state Republicans redrew the lines in 2022 and divided Davidson County among the 7th and two neighboring Republican-friendly districts. WATCH: Voters sent Washington a message to put ‘everyday Americans first,’ Jeffries says Trump carried the 7th District in 2024 with about 60% of the vote, compared with about 38% for Harris. The Associated Press does not make projections and will declare a winner only when it’s determined there is no scenario that would allow the trailing candidates to close the gap. The AP may declare a winner in a race that is subject to a recount if it can determine the lead is too large for a recount or legal challenge to change the outcome.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/3-key-questions-us-boat-strikes-killed-survivors/story?id=128017782
Article: The White House acknowledges that a second strike was ordered on a boat already hit by the military in the Caribbean Sea, and ABC News has confirmed that survivors from the initial strike were killed as a result. "And to the extent that we're able to see videos and see what the orders were, we'll have a lot more information other than just news reports.” Here are three key questions about the orders to kill drug smugglers: What did Hegseth order exactly? Hegseth called the report a "fabrication," while his chief spokesman, Sean Parnell, said the allegations were a "fake news narrative that Secretary Hegseth gave some sort of 'kill all survivors' order." The Pentagon declined to answer questions though about what was included in Hegseth’s initial order. Central Command and had taken over Joint Special Operations Command, a global command devoted to preparing and executing special operations missions in some of the most challenging and complex operating environments. Eric Oehlerich, an ABC News contributor and former Navy SEAL who worked under Bradley’s command during the war on terror, said he has never seen Bradley push the bounds of the law. 2, as the White House suggested, the decision would have relied on Hegseth’s initial order as well as findings by the intelligence community about why the alleged smugglers on the boats were a threat to the U.S. "There isn't a single commander that's sitting in a position of authority that does not have a lawyer as the closest person to him sitting there watching the entire time," Oehlerich said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/55-million-americans-alert-snow-ice-kentucky-maine/story?id=128030298
Article: More than 50 million on alert for snow and ice from Kentucky to Maine A winter storm brought the first big batch of snow and ice to parts of the Midwest and South on Monday, and now that same storm is bringing ice to parts of Appalachia and heavy snow to the inland Northeast on Tuesday. Huh/AP A glaze of ice wreaked havoc on roads in places like Oklahoma and Arkansas on Monday, and on Tuesday, that ice will be a major threat for cities including Boone, North Carolina, and Roanoke, Virginia. Cities directly along the East Coast will be warmer and will likely only get rain, but there is a brief chance for a morning wintry mix around Washington, D.C., that could cause disruption on roads. Winter Storm - Alerts Map ABC News A winter storm warning is in place from northeast Pennsylvania to central Maine, where more than 6 inches of snow is in the forecast.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/how-this-beaten-up-aerospace-giant-could-double-according-to-one-analyst.html
Article: In a note published on Tuesday, analyst Olivier Brochet reiterated a buy rating on the aerospace and defense stock, but trimmed his price target by about 6% to $255 from $270. "While we understand why investors may be disappointed by the news flow and estimate cuts, we think the pullback offers a good buying opportunity in a long-horizon recovery story," Brochet added. "The financial impact of the 777X delay and slower-than-anticipated acceleration in 737 deliveries [led] to earnings cuts and a target price revision, but the stock could double from here to the end of the decade." Out year forecasts were unaffected by Boeing's short-term issues, Brochet said. Brochet also expects Boeing to update the market on its free cash flow target sometime in 2026, once recently arrived CFO Jay Malave is established and his no-compete clause has expired.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/trump-cabinet-meeting-hegseth-boat-strikes.html
Article: Please refresh the page if you do not see a player above at that time.] President Donald Trump is holding a Cabinet meeting at the White House on Tuesday, as his administration grapples with a slew of major political issues that have come to the fore since the top officials last convened less than eight weeks earlier. The logjam broke after enough Democrats backed a funding deal that included a guarantee from the Senate's GOP majority to allow a vote in December on a bill of Democrats' choosing. The shifting dynamics have drawn focus to Tuesday's special election for a congressional seat in a deep-red Tennessee district, which appears to have grown competitive despite backing Trump by 22 points in 2024. Trump, a former friend of Epstein's who had fumed about the growing push to disclose the government's records on the deceased financier, ultimately told Republicans to vote for the bill.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/trump-calls-cabinet-meet-amid-scrutiny-boat-strikes/18240450/
Article: Trump calls his Cabinet to meet amid scrutiny over boat strikes President Donald Trump called his Cabinet to meet Tuesday morning as the administration insists that it was lawful for the U.S. Frank "Mitch" Bradley ordered the second strike and was "within his authority and the law." FILE - President Donald Trump speaks with reporters in the Cabinet Room of the White House, Nov. AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File The military operation has come under bipartisan scrutiny from lawmakers after The Washington Post reported that that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth issued a verbal order for a second strike that killed two survivors on the boat.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/snooker/articles/c997p57nrv2o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: O'Sullivan, who turns 50 on Friday, was playing his first match in a UK tournament since his 17-7 loss to Zhao Xintong in the semi-finals of the World Championship at the Crucible in Sheffield in May. Despite making rapid and entertaining breaks of 71, 123, 62, 94, 65 and 56 against Zhou, O'Sullivan lost four frames on the black, including the seventh when he had led 64-0, only to lose it 65-64. Selby made breaks of 51, 82, 75 and 133 to move 5-0 ahead, before Lei won two frames in a row to keep his hopes alive, but the Englishman took the eighth frame to advance.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5628269/hegseth-boat-strikes-franklin-turtle
Article: 'Franklin' publisher slams Hegseth for his post of the turtle firing on drug boats toggle caption Felix Leon/AFP via Getty Images The publisher of the Franklin children's book series has rebuked Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth after he posted a meme of the anthropomorphic turtle firing on drug boats. Hegseth's social media post from Sunday shows the turtle, clad in tactical gear, standing on a helicopter and aiming a machine gun at one of several boats in the water below. Sponsor Message "For your Christmas wish list …" Hegseth wrote in the caption, as he faces growing scrutiny over the legality of a set of strikes on a suspected drug boat in the Caribbean in early September. On Monday, Toronto-based publishing house Kids Can Press released a statement defending Franklin as a "beloved Canadian icon who has inspired generations of children and stands for kindness, empathy and inclusivity." "We strongly condemn any denigrating, violent or unauthorized use of Franklin's name or image, which directly contradicts these values," it added. Franklin, who usually wears a red neckerchief and baseball cap (not a ballistic helmet), has delighted kids since the debut of his book series in 1986 — with dozens of titles including Franklin Goes to School and Franklin Wants a Pet — and an animated TV series a decade later. It is not clear why Hegseth — who is a father and stepfather of seven children — chose the turtle of all characters, though Franklin book covers have inspired some popular parodies in the past. When asked for comment, chief Pentagon spokesperson Sean Parnell told NPR over email: "We doubt Franklin the Turtle wants to be inclusive of drug cartels… or laud the kindness and empathy of narco-terrorists." A number of Democrats were quick to condemn the post, as well as the larger controversy behind it. Mark Kelly of Arizona, who has openly sparred with the Pentagon in recent weeks, told reporters that the meme is just one reason why the defense secretary should be fired, calling him "not a serious person." "He is in the national command authority for nuclear weapons and he's putting out … turtles with rocket-propelled grenades," Kelly said. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer, speaking on the floor Monday, called Hegseth a "national embarrassment" and described the Franklin meme as a "sick parody." "Tweeting memes in the middle of a potential armed conflict is something no serious military leader would ever even think of doing," Schumer added. "The only thing this tweet accomplishes is to remind the whole world that Pete Hegseth is not up to the job." Questions mount over September incident Hegseth was already in the hot seat, facing bipartisan scrutiny and questions from Congress about what happened — and whether any war crimes were committed — on Sept. officials have described their targets as "narcoterrorists" from Latin America, though they have not released information about who was on board those boats or evidence that they were ferrying drugs. Last week, the Washington Post reported — and a source confirmed to NPR — that Hegseth gave a spoken directive to kill the surviving occupants of the boat with a second strike. and international law … and approved by the best military and civilian lawyers, up and down the chain of command." Sponsor Message But that didn't satisfy lawmakers, several of whom — on both sides of the aisle — raised concerns about a potential war crime. Mitch Bradley — who led Joint Special Operations Command at the time — to conduct the strikes, adding that Bradley "worked well within his authority and the law." Later that day, Hegseth tweeted in "100% support" of Bradley and his combat decisions. official who was not authorized to speak publicly has since disputed the White House's account, telling NPR's Tom Bowman that Hegseth issued the command for "two strikes to kill" and two additional strikes to "sink the boat." For his part, President Trump has defended Hegseth but distanced himself from the incident. When asked by reporters on Sunday night whether he would be okay with Hegseth having ordered a second strike, Trump said, "He said he didn't do it, so I don't have to make that decision." Adm.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5627515/metroid-prime-4-beyond-review
Article: Metroid Prime 4: Beyond is a technical marvel and game design nightmare toggle caption Nintendo Metroid Prime 4 stumbled multiple times before being completely scrapped and restarted over the decade it took to make. In one of the first major areas — just as you'll gain some freedom — the game requires you to complete a 20-minute tutorial on how to use Samus' motorcycle (called Vi-O-La, of all things). toggle caption Nintendo The one thing these sidekicks all have in common is an agape expression of awe and bewilderment at meeting Samus, regardless of what degree they're in a life-threatening situation.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/g-s1-100056/pope-leo-lebanon-middle-east-visit-beirut-port
Article: Pope Leo wraps up his visit to Lebanon with prayers at the site of Beirut's port blast toggle caption Adri Salido/Getty Images Beirut — Pope Leo XIV ended his first overseas papal trip with prayers at Beirut's devastated port and a Mass attended by an estimated 150,000 worshippers in a country desperate for signs of hope amid fear of renewed war. Sponsor Message The pope lit a candle in front of a memorial engraved with the names of more than 200 people killed in the explosion and met with relatives, some who carried framed photos of their lost loved ones. He said it was natural to feel paralyzed "by powerlessness in the face of evil and oppressed by so many difficult situations." He called for the country to be a place "where peace and justice reign." "Lebanon – stand up! In his farewell speech at Beirut's airport, the pope referred to the south of Lebanon, where Israeli attacks are ongoing, as places he had not been able to visit on this trip because of the "conflict and uncertainty" there. Sponsor Message Israel has heavily damaged several Christian villages in attacks during its war with the militant group Hezbollah, even after a ceasefire signed last year between Lebanon and Israel. "I came here because I wanted to be among people who are hopeful for peace and I was hoping that this would be contagious," says Rabab Htait, a former teacher.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5627156/social-media-digital-detox-depression-anxiety
Article: Here's how to do it Westend61/Getty Images If you have ever sworn off social media for a week or two because you sensed it was feeding your anxiety or dampening your mood, you may be on to something. A new study out last week in JAMA Network Open found that cutting down on social media use even for a week can significantly reduce mental health symptoms in young adults. an objective measure Most studies on the impacts of social media ask users to recall how much time they spend on their phones or these platforms, as well as other aspects of their health like mood and sleep. But that data is often unreliable, says psychiatrist John Torous, director of the Division of Digital Psychiatry at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston and author of the new study. Sponsor Message "If you ask me, 'How much have you slept in the past week, and can you guess your screen time?" says Torous, "I don't think I would be right." In the new study, Torus and his colleagues tried to get a more objective measure of social media use. At baseline, the participants were spending about two hours a day on the five social media apps the study was looking at: Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, TikTok and X (formerly Twitter). By the end of that third week, Calvert and the team found a 16% reduction in anxiety symptoms, a 24% decrease in depression symptoms and a 14.5% decrease in insomnia symptoms. Striking results "It usually takes eight to 12 weeks of intensive psychotherapy to see those kinds of reductions in mental health symptoms," says psychologist Mitch Prinstein, chief of strategy and integration at the American Psychological Association. Make it harder to log on and scroll Removing apps from the home screen and disabling notifications from social media apps can help too, says psychiatrist Amir Afkhami, at the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Health at the George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences. In a study published this year, Torous and his co-authors recommend "at least one hour of tech-free time before bed, to mentally disconnect from the online world and promote adequate, restful sleep." Parents can help teenagers build a habit of not using social media at night by designating bedrooms as "tech-free zones" at night, according to Torous and his colleagues. "The initial hump is a little bit higher," he says, "but over time, actually, patients end up liking it more because they get more of a dopamine surge than they do with social media." 5.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/israel-says-it-receives-findings-handed-over-by-palestinian-militants-in-gaza
Article: Also Tuesday, one man was shot dead near the Bureij refugee camp in central Gaza, according to Al-Awda Hospital, and another man was killed by Israeli fire in the Gaza City neighborhood of Zeitoun, according to Al-Ahli Hospital. The Israeli military said in a statement that troops operating in Gaza had killed three people it said posed a threat when they crossed into areas Israel controls in the territory. It said troops fired on two people in southern Gaza and one in northern Gaza, though it was not immediately clear if these were the same casualties as those reported by hospitals in Gaza. Violence in the West Bank Israel’s military has also pushed forward its operations in the occupied West Bank, shooting and killing two Palestinians on Tuesday it accused of attacking soldiers. Israel demolishes family homes in West Bank Israeli forces on Tuesday demolished the family home of Abdul Karim Sanoubar, a suspected Palestinian militant currently in detention who has been accused of planting bombs on buses in central Israel in February. The military, which said the explosives in the planned attack didn’t detonate, said it demolished Karim Sanoubar’s family’s home “due to the irregular nature” of the planned attack and “with the backing of the legal authorities.” Israeli troops later traveled to Aqabah town in the West Bank to demolish the house of a man accused of carrying out a shooting attack in which one person was killed, the military said. Tensions with Lebanon and Syria On Tuesday, Israel’s military launched another round of strikes on southern Lebanon, an almost daily occurrence as Israel accuses the militant group Hezbollah of failing to disarm following a U.S.-brokered ceasefire last year that halted two months of war. Israel has said such attacks in Lebanon and Syria are against militant groups, but critics say they come with a heavy toll as civilians, including women and children, are often killed. As Pope Leo XIV departed Lebanon on a visit to the Middle East, he made a brief mention of violence in Lebanon’s south and called for peace in the region.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/juan-orlando-hernandez-freed-after-trumps-full-and-complete-pardon?traffic_source=rss
Article: Authorities in the United States have released former Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez, who was serving a lengthy prison sentence for drug trafficking, after US President Donald Trump pardoned him. Last year, Hernandez was sentenced to 45 years for involvement in a scheme to export cocaine in the US, which prosecutors described as “one of the largest and most violent drug trafficking conspiracies in the world”. Trump announced plans to pardon the former Honduran president last week as he called for the people in the Central American country to back right-wing candidate Nasry “Tito” Asfura, a member of Hernandez’s party. “I will be granting a Full and Complete Pardon to Former President Juan Orlando Hernandez who has been, according to many people that I greatly respect, treated very harshly and unfairly,” Trump wrote in a social media post on Tuesday. “This cannot be allowed to happen, especially now, after Tito Asfura wins the Election, when Honduras will be on its way to Great Political and Financial Success.” Hernandez was convicted of accepting millions of dollars in bribes from violent drug-trafficking organisations over 18 years, which he used to fuel his rise in politics. Advertisement “During his political career, Hernandez abused his powerful positions and authority in Honduras to facilitate the importation of over 400 tons of cocaine into the US,” the US Justice Department said after he was sentenced last year. “Hernandez’s co-conspirators were armed with machine guns and destructive devices, including AK-47s, AR-15s, and grenade launchers, which they used to protect their massive cocaine loads as they transited across Honduras on their way to the United States, protect the money they made from the eventual sale of this cocaine, and guard their drug-trafficking territory from rivals.” During his trial, Hernandez denied taking bribes from drug dealers, arguing that he cracked down on the narcotics trade and citing his administration’s cooperation with the US military. Trump’s pardon of Hernandez comes at a time when his administration is carrying out deadly air strikes against boats in the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean that it says are carrying drugs – a campaign that critics say violates domestic and international law. Washington has also been ramping up its military presence in the Caribbean in what it calls an anti-drug trafficking operation, which raised speculations about a possible war to topple Maduro. “But instead of standing with law enforcement who brought Hernandez to justice, Trump is letting this criminal go free.” In Honduras, an election took place on Sunday, but the race is still too close to call, with sports journalist Salvador Nasralla leading against Asfura by only hundreds of votes. Trump – who continues to falsely claim that his 2020 election loss to former US President Joe Biden was due to widespread fraud – is already casting doubt over the outcome of the vote in Honduras.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpq47derx2vo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: BBC/Matt Goddard Soldier Denys is adamant that the Donbas should not be given to Russia in a peace deal There is scepticism, too, among other soldiers who board the train west for a brief respite from the fighting. Ceding territory where at least a quarter of a million Ukrainians live - the Donetsk "fortress belt" cities of Slovyansk, Kramatorsk and Druzhkivka - will not be acceptable to most Ukrainians. BBC/Matt Goddard Refugees fleeing the Donbas take advantage of foggy conditions as visibility is reduced for enemy drones Yevheniy and his wife Maryna have just arrived from Kramatorsk, along with their two children.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c93n4nx5yqro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 21 minutes ago Share Save Vanessa Buschschlüter Latin America editor, BBC News Online Share Save Reuters US President Donald Trump has been ramping up pressure on Venezuela's leader, President Nicolás Maduro. During the 26 years that Chávez and Maduro have been in power, their party has gained control of key institutions, including the National Assembly, much of the judiciary, and the electoral council. In 2024, the electoral council declared Maduro the winner of the presidential election, even though voting tallies collected by the opposition suggested that their candidate, Edmundo González, had won by a landslide. Trump has made stopping immigration a priority during his second term in office and he blames Maduro for the arrival of a large number of Venezuelan migrants in the US. As part of his war on drugs, he has designated two Venezuelan criminal groups - Tren de Aragua and Cartel de los Soles - as Foreign Terrorist Organisations and has alleged that the latter is led by Maduro himself. Maduro has vehemently denied being a cartel leader and has accused the US of using its "war on drugs" as an excuse to try and depose him and get its hands on Venezuela's vast reserves of oil. US Navy via REUTERS The USS Gerald Ford is among the ships deployed to the Caribbean The US has deployed 15,000 troops and a range of aircraft carriers, guided-missile destroyers, and amphibious assault ships to the Caribbean. The US has also described those on board as "narco terrorists" but legal experts say the strikes are unlawful as that designation "did not transform them into lawful military targets". A former chief prosecutor at the International Criminal Court told the BBC that the US military campaign fell into the category of a planned, systematic attack against civilians during peacetime. In response, the White House said that President Donald Trump acted in line with the laws of armed conflict to protect the US from cartels "trying to bring poison to our shores... Counternarcotic experts have pointed out the Venezuela is a relatively minor player in global drug trafficking, and that it acts as a transit country through which drugs produced elsewhere are smuggled on their way to their final destination. According to a US Drug Enforcement report from 2020, almost three quarters of the cocaine reaching the US is estimated to be trafficked via the Pacific with just a small percentage coming via fast boats in the Caribbean.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5628382/trump-pardons-honduran-ex-president-juan-orlando-hernandez
Article: Trump pardons Honduran ex-president who was convicted of drug crimes Enlarge this image toggle caption Marlon Gomez/CON/LatinContent/Getty Images Marlon Gomez/CON/LatinContent/Getty Images President Trump has officially pardoned former Honduran President, Juan Orlando Hernández, who US officials said was at the center of one of the largest and most violent drug-trafficking conspiracies in the world. The pardon of such a high-profile convicted drug trafficker, however, has led to accusations of deceit and hypocrisy by the Trump administration as it comes while the president and his team continue to escalate his military campaign against drug trafficking out of Venezuela. Tim Kaine of Virginia, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, called the decision "shocking." "He was the leader of one of the largest criminal enterprises that has ever been subject to a conviction in U.S. courts, and less than one year into his sentence, President Trump is pardoning him, suggesting that President Trump cares nothing about narcotrafficking," Kaine said Sunday on CBS' 'Face the Nation.' Hernández's time in office briefly overlapped with Trump's first term. Trump criticized Hernández's prosecution, telling reporters last week that people he respects told him Hernández was "treated very harshly and unfairly." One of those people is likely Roger Stone, his long time political adviser, who lobbied for Hernández release. Stone shared on his radio show that he delivered a four-page letter from Hernández claiming he was the victim of wrongful conviction and "lawfare by the Biden-Harris administration." Sponsor Message Trump teased the pardon in a social media post on last week: "CONGRATULATIONS TO JUAN ORLANDO HERNANDEZ ON YOUR UPCOMING PARDON," he wrote…. Kevin Castel, who presided over the case, described Hernández as a "two-faced politician hungry for power." Former Attorney General Merrick Garland stated that Hernández "abused his presidency to operate the country as a narco-state where violent traffickers operated with near-total impunity." Hernández has long maintained that he was innocent of the charges. They include MAGA loyalists, a cryptocurrency executive with ties to his family's crypto firm and dozens of allies who tried to overturn his 2020 election loss to former President Joe Biden.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/former-honduras-president-hernandez-freed-from-prison-after-trump-pardon
Article: TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras (AP) — Former Honduras President Juan Orlando Hernández, sentenced last year to 45 years in prison for his role in helping drug traffickers move hundreds of tons of cocaine to the United States, was released from prison following a pardon from President Donald Trump, his wife announced Tuesday. “After almost four years of pain, of waiting and difficult challenges, my husband Juan Orlando Hernández RETURNED to being a free man, thanks to the presidential pardon granted by President Donald Trump,” García’s post said. And I looked at the facts and I agreed with them.” Hernández was arrested at the request of the United States in February 2022, weeks after handing over power to current President Xiomara Castro. Two years later, he was sentenced to 45 years in prison in a New York federal courtroom for taking bribes from drug traffickers so they could safely move some 400 tons of cocaine north through Honduras to the United States. Kevin Castel said the punishment should serve as a warning to “well educated, well dressed” individuals who gain power and think their status insulates them from justice when they do wrong. But the judge said trial evidence proved the opposite and that Hernández employed “considerable acting skills” to make it seem that he was an anti-drug trafficking crusader while he deployed his nation’s police and military, when necessary, to protect the drug trade. Immediately after Trump announced his intention to pardon Hernández, Honduras Attorney General Johel Zelaya said via X that his office was obligated to seek justice and put an end to impunity. The pardon promised by Trump days before Honduras’ presidential election injected a new element into the contest that some said helped the candidate from his National Party Nasry Asfura, one of the leaders as the vote count proceeded Tuesday.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/ex-eu-top-diplomat-mogherini-detained-in-belgium-fraud-case-reports?traffic_source=rss
Article: Federica Mogherini, who served as EU foreign policy chief from 2014 to 2019 and now leads the College of Europe graduate school that teaches a training programme for junior EU diplomats, was taken into custody by Belgian police in Brussels on Tuesday, reported Belgian broadcaster VRT, the news agency Belga, and the news site Euractiv. The arrest came amid police raids at the College of Europe’s campus in Bruges, Belgium, and the Brussels premises of the European External Action Service – the EU’s diplomatic wing. The programme was awarded by the EEAS to the College of Europe in Belgium in the period 2021-2022, and the probe focuses on whether the tender process was skewed to favour the school. “We can confirm that the police was today at the EEAS buildings, and this is part of the ongoing investigation of the activities that took place before in the previous mandate,” said a commission spokesperson Anitta Hipper.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/video/fact-check/2025/12/2/trumps-military-moves-claims-on-venezuela?traffic_source=rss
Article: Fact Check Trump’s Military Moves & Claims on Venezuela Venezuela’s Nicolás Maduro reappeared after days of speculation he’d fled – just as President Trump confirmed a call with him and sent a US carrier to the Caribbean…raising fresh questions about what’s really driving Washington’s pressure campaign: drugs, oil, or a political showdown built on claims not backed by fact, and a Congress sharply split over the path ahead. Subscribe to our channel: http://bit.ly/AJSubscribe Follow us on X : https://twitter.com/AJEnglish Find us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/aljazeera Check our website: http://www.aljazeera.com/ Check out our Instagram page: https://www.instagram.com/aljazeeraenglish/ Download AJE Mobile App: https://aje.io/AJEMobile #aljazeera #aljazeeraenglish #aljazeeranewslive

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/winter-has-arrived-the-seasons-first-big-snowstorm-hits-the-northeast
Article: PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — The Northeast saw its first major winter snowstorm arrive on Tuesday just as the Midwest began to escape snow and ice that snarled travel after the Thanksgiving holiday. chief defends science and weather forecasting as Trump threatens both The National Weather Service issued winter storm warnings and winter weather advisories in states including Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Maine, Connecticut and New York ahead of the snow’s arrival. The winter weather arrived days after more than 8 inches (20.32 centimeters) of snow fell at Chicago O’Hare International Airport over the weekend, setting a record for the highest single calendar day snowfall in November at the airport, according to the weather service. Snow in the Great Lakes region was tapering off, but the new storm was heading to the mid-Atlantic and Northeast, with up to a foot (30 centimeters) of snow by Tuesday, said National Weather Service meteorologist Andrew Orrison. Winter weather arrives in the Northeast The National Weather Service issued a warning for coastal Maine from Tuesday morning until Wednesday morning, stating that residents “should delay all travel if possible” due to snow. In the northern part of the state, a portion of I-70 West through Cleveland had to be closed as a crash was cleared, while highways around Columbus also saw dangerous slowdowns. Pennsylvania prepares for snow With plowable snow expected to coat large parts of Pennsylvania, crews began to treat lanes along the 565-mile (909-kilometer) Pennsylvania Turnpike system on Monday, said the agency’s press secretary, Marissa Orbanek. Vehicle restrictions on many interstates in the eastern half of Pennsylvania, including on the turnpike system’s Northeast Extension, from the Lehigh Valley to Clarks Summit, were imposed at 5 a.m. Huh and Adam Schreck in Chicago, Jamie Stengle in Dallas, Michael Hill in Altamont, New York, Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, and Mark Scolforo in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, contributed to this report.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/putin-accuses-europeans-of-sabotaging-u-s-led-peace-efforts-in-ukraine
Article: “They don’t have a peace agenda, they’re on the side of the war,” Putin said after speaking to an investment forum and before he met in the Kremlin with a U.S. READ MORE: As Russia and Ukraine mull Trump’s peace proposal, land and security seen as main sticking points Putin’s accusations appeared to be his latest attempt to sow dissension between Trump and European countries and set the stage for exempting Moscow from blame for any lack of progress. Russia started the war in 2022 with its full-scale invasion of a sovereign European country, and European governments have since spent many many billions of dollars to support Ukraine financially and militarily, to wean themselves from energy dependence on Russia and to strengthen their own militaries to try to deter Moscow from seizing more territory by force. They worry that if Russia gets what it wants in Ukraine, it will have free rein to threaten or disrupt other European countries, which already have faced incursions from Russian drones and fighter jets, and an alleged widespread Russian sabotage campaign. Trump’s peace plan relies on Europe to provide the bulk of the financing and security guarantees for a post-war Ukraine, even though no Europeans appear to have been consulted on the original plan. It all depends on today’s talks.” Building on progress in Florida Witkoff and Kushner were seen leaving a restaurant in central Moscow at lunchtime Tuesday, ahead of their meeting with Putin. READ MORE: Steve Witkoff coached a Putin aide on how Russian leader should pitch Trump on Ukraine peace plan, report reveals Zelenskyy said he met Tuesday with the Ukrainian delegation that returned from the negotiations with U.S. Rubio said those talks made progress, but added that “there’s more work to be done.” Zelenskyy said the Florida talks took as their cue a document that both sides drafted at an earlier meeting in Geneva. Ukrainian diplomats are working to ensure that European partners are “substantially involved” in decision-making, Zelenskyy said on the Telegram messaging app, and warned about what he said were Russian disinformation campaigns aimed at steering the negotiations. “Ukrainian intelligence will provide partners with the information we have about Russia’s true intentions and its attempts to use diplomatic efforts as cover to ease sanctions and block important collective European decisions,” Zelenskyy said. As well as managing diplomatic pressure, he must find money to keep Ukraine afloat, address a corruption scandal that has reached the top echelons of his government, and keep Russia at bay on the battlefield.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/we-buying-more-of-this-defensive-stock-now-that-some-bad-news-is-out-of-the-way.html
Article: "What we didn't know was obviously the incremental context that was provided with the government shutdown, SNAP benefits, etcetera." The consumer products powerhouse, behind Crest and other well-known brands, said its most recent readings showed spending in the household category is down both in volume and value "significantly" in October. Over fiscal 2026, the company expects organic sales growth in the range of flat to up 4% versus the prior year and core earnings per share growth of flat to up 4% year over year. now out of the way, we're treating this weakness as another buying opportunity to build up a small position that will act defensively in the market if there's a pullback in the AI trade. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/honduras-election-why-has-trump-threatened-to-cut-off-aid?traffic_source=rss
Article: The National Electoral Council (CNE) of Honduras called for “patience” on Tuesday as it launched a manual count of votes in one of the closest presidential elections the country has seen in more than a decade – a contest over which US President Donald Trump has threatened to cut off aid to the country. As of the latest count in the November 30 election, right-wing candidate Nasry Asfura was said to be holding a narrow lead, though the race remains effectively a “technical tie” and no official winner has yet been declared. He has also accused CNE of “trying to change” the outcome by calling a “technical tie” at this stage, and doubled down on vague threats of retaliation in posts published on his Truth Social platform. Asfura’s main rival, 72-year-old Salvador Nasralla, is running under the Liberal Party banner and positions himself as a centrist reformer focused on restoring the rule of law and on battling corruption. Trump has not specified the precise aid he would suspend, but the US provides Honduras, which has a population of around 11 million, with a substantial package of economic, development and security assistance each year. The US president has also shown favour to Juan Orlando Hernandez, the former president of Honduras and member of the country’s right-wing National Party, by pardoning his US drug conviction and releasing him from a 45-year jail sentence. Much of that flowed via the US Agency for International Development (USAID) and through programmes aimed at supporting small businesses, strengthening local governance, improving the agricultural sector and expanding education and health services, according to the US State Department’s website. Advertisement Another major pillar is security cooperation through the US State Department and the Central America Regional Security Initiative, which trains police, supports anti-drug operations, and funds youth and community-violence-prevention initiatives. In Venezuela, Trump has been accused of angling for a “regime change” against President Nicolas Maduro’s government, via a military campaign of strikes on Venezuelan boats in the Caribbean and the eastern Pacific that the Trump administration claims are trafficking drugs. The US has also built up a huge military presence in the Caribbean, claiming this is necessary for national security and to push back an “invasion” by Venezuelan drug gangs. In Brazil, Trump publicly questioned the legitimacy of criminal coup charges against former President Jair Bolsonaro earlier this year, bolstering Bolsonaro’s claims of political persecution and suggesting the country’s courts were being used to sideline a right-wing ally of the US. Advertisement In Argentina, Trump has lavished praise on right-wing, populist President Javier Milei and said the US would not “waste our time” with helping Argentina if Milei’s party does not win future elections.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy7v022n5kyo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: A young turtle from a Canadian children's book series is caught in an international feud after the US Defence Department used the character in a cartoon about killing narco terrorists. In Franklin's case, the cartoon posted by Hegseth on social media is a mock book cover depicting Franklin in a military helicopter firing a large weapon at alleged drug boats. Hegseth captioned the post: "For your Christmas wish list..." Franklin, the 6-year-old cartoon turtle, is known for navigating everyday challenges, from learning to ride a bike to having his first sleepover. He originated as the titular character in the Canadian children's book "Franklin the Turtle" and has grown to star in a number of television shows, films, video games and live productions. "Franklin the Turtle is a beloved Canadian icon who has inspired generations of children and stands for kindness, empathy, and inclusivity," publisher Kids Can Press said in its statement, adding that such a violent depiction "directly contradicts these values". In September, Pokémon said it did not give permission for the use of its theme song and other footage to be used in an ICE deportation raid video posted by the US government.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cze81xe3r4yo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: YouTuber Marques Brownlee shutting down phone wallpaper app But more than a year after facing scrutiny over its price and privacy, Brownlee has told followers the app would be shut down altogether on 31 December. "We made mistakes in making our first app and ultimately we weren't able to turn it into the vision that I had had," he said in a video on Sunday. A notice on the Panels website said users would be able to keep purchased or downloaded wallpapers from the app "forever" and be refunded for any active subscriptions after its closure at the end of the month.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cn41jge1990o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Pope prays at Beirut port blast site on last day of Lebanon visit 1 hour ago Share Save David Gritten Share Save Reuters Pope Leo said he was "deeply moved" by his visit to the site of the Beirut port blast Pope Leo XIV led a silent prayer at the site of the Beirut port explosion and demanded justice for its victims, as he wrapped up his three-day visit to Lebanon. Later, the Pope said he was "deeply moved" by his visit to the port and shared "the thirst for truth and justice, of so many families, of an entire country". No-one has yet been held accountable for the disaster, which happened when a fire triggered the detonation of 2,750 tonnes of ammonium nitrate that had been stored unsafely at a port warehouse for almost six years. Tatiana Hasrouty, who lost her father Ghassan in the blast, said: "He's trying to help us find the truth in some sort of way, in his way, maybe in praying and maybe in just looking at us... We, the families, now, after five years, we need people to look at us." EPA An estimated 150,000 people gathered at Beirut's waterfront for the Pope's final Mass in Lebanon After praying at the blast site, the Pope celebrated the final Mass of his trip in front of an estimated 150,000 people gathered on Beirut's waterfront. "A Lebanon where peace and justice reign, where all recognise each other as brothers and sisters." Returning to Rome on Tuesday, the Pope told reporters that Lebanon was an example of "a land where Islam and Christianity are both present and are respected". He later added: "I think those are lessons that would be important to be heard in Europe or North America - that we should perhaps be a little less fearful, and look at ways of promoting authentic dialogue and respect."

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/tennessee-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-house-special-election-testing-trumps-power
Article: (AP) — President Donald Trump and Republicans will try to bounce back from recent losses around the country when Tennessee voters choose the next representative for the reliably conservative 7th U.S. READ MORE: This poll number hasn’t been so favorable for Democrats since before the last blue wave The 7th District is one of three seats redrawn in 2022 to erode the influence of Nashville, the state’s largest city and a Democratic stronghold. Only about 1 in 5 of its registered voters are in Nashville, and last year it went to Green by 21 percentage points and to Trump by a similar margin. Republicans remain confident that they can defend the seat, and they hope to dismiss Democratic claims that even red districts are now in play as Trump struggles with low approval ratings and persistent economic dissatisfaction. Trump held a virtual rally in November with Van Epps, a former state general services commissioner from Nashville who previously served as an Army helicopter pilot, to boost his candidacy. Van Epps originally opposed a House vote to force the Justice Department to disclose more Epstein documents but changed his stance to mirror Trump after the president backed the measure.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-tries-to-dial-up-republican-votes-for-tennessee-special-election
Article: “The whole world is watching Tennessee right now, and they’re watching your district,” the president said after Johnson put him on speakerphone during an event inside a garage stocked with vintage cars on a supporters’ sprawling farm in Franklin. And it’s gonna show that the Republican Party is stronger than it’s ever been.” Trump even called in twice during the day to tell voters to back Matt Van Epps, the Republican candidate, in Tuesday’s special election. (AP) — A Tennessee congressional seat that President Donald Trump and Republicans have previously won with ease became the unlikely epicenter of the fight for Congress on Monday, as House Speaker Mike Johnson headlined rallies and former Vice President Al Gore and Rep. A few hours later, Trump drove home the message in a virtual rally, the second he’s held for Van Epps since the former Army helicopter pilot and state general services commissioner became the Republican nominee. Aftyn Behn, a self-proclaimed “pissed-off social worker” and progressive community organizer from Nashville, sprinted through her final campaign stops, including the virtual rally with Gore, a Tennessee native, and Ocasio-Cortez of New York. READ MORE: This poll number hasn’t been so favorable for Democrats since before the last blue wave Gore said people are struggling with high costs for groceries and health care while Trump is running “by far, the most corrupt administration in history,” enabled in Congress by “way too many subservient cowards.” “Having had the privilege of representing Tennessee in years past, I want to tell you that I have never seen the political tides shift as far and as fast as we’re seeing them move in this election,” Gore said. Behn has been described by some state Democrats as “our very own AOC of TN,” a nickname that Republicans have harnessed to deride Behn as too far left for the district. “That is not going to happen.” Johnson is trying to maintain a narrow majority in the House, and he said the race is for “all the marbles.” Republicans have expressed concerns about turnout because early voting went into Thanksgiving week and Election Day follows the holiday weekend. It’s winning by a wide enough margin to send a real Tennessee message that we’re not going to stand for this.” Former Vice President Kamala Harris appeared in Nashville to rally voters last month while on a book tour, and national party chair Ken Martin visited as well. “The barrage of negative attacks is a result of the fact that they don’t have a plan to address the rising cost of health care,” Behn said at a campaign event Monday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Lifestyle/wireStory/crystal-faberg-egg-crafted-russian-royalty-shatters-record-128045898
Article: A rare Fabergé egg crafted for Russia’s ruling family before the revolution has sold for more $30 million The Winter Egg by Faberge is displayed at Christie's auction rooms in London, Thursday, Nov. (AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth) LONDON -- A rare crystal and diamond Fabergé egg crafted for Russia’s ruling family before it was toppled by revolution shattered records Tuesday as it sold at auction for 22.9 million pounds ($30.2 million). Craftsman Peter Carl Fabergé and his company created more than 50 of the eggs for Russia’s imperial family between 1885 and 1917, each elaborately unique and containing a hidden surprise.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/man-serve-40-years-killing-university-mississippi-student-128045213
Article: A man who pleaded guilty to the killing of a University of Mississippi graduate student was sentenced to 50 years with 10 years suspended on Tuesday FILE - Sheldon Timothy Herrington Jr., who is on trial on a capital murder charge in the 2022 death of University of Mississippi student Jimmie "Jay" Lee, looks out into the courtroom during the lunch break, in Oxford, Miss., on Dec. (Bruce Newman/The Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal via AP, Pool, File) FILE - Sheldon Timothy Herrington Jr., who is on trial on a capital murder charge in the 2022 death of University of Mississippi student Jimmie "Jay" Lee, looks out into the courtroom during the lunch break, in Oxford, Miss., on Dec. -- A man who pleaded guilty to killing a University of Mississippi graduate student was sentenced to a total of 50 years in prison with 10 years suspended on Tuesday.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/trump-accounts-claim-money.html
Article: "It's designed to help families feel supported from the start and encourage them to keep saving as their children grow," Michael Dell, founder and CEO of Dell Technologies , told CNBC. How Trump accounts work Under President Donald Trump's "big beautiful bill," which Congress passed in July, anyone can open a Trump account on behalf of a child age 18 or younger. Not unlike a 529 college savings plan, Trump accounts are meant to encourage early savings opportunities, with the potential for annual employer contributions as well as donations from state and local governments and nonprofit organizations. Dell previously vowed to match the government's seed money "dollar for dollar" for his employees' kids during the "Invest America" roundtable event at the White House in June with Trump. But starting on July 4, 2026, parents and others will be able to contribute up to $5,000 a year in after-tax dollars up until the year before the beneficiary turns 18.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/pope-leo-sends-message-of-support-to-southern-lebanon-on-final-day-of-his-foreign-trip
Article: BEIRUT (AP) — Pope Leo XIV prayed Tuesday at the site of a deadly 2020 Beirut port explosion that has become a symbol of dysfunction and official impunity and called for justice to prevail, as he offered words of consolation to Lebanon’s people — including in the war-battered south — on the final day of his first overseas trip. No official has been convicted in a judicial investigation that has been repeatedly obstructed, angering Lebanese for whom the blast was just the latest evidence of impunity after decades of corruption and financial crimes. “The visit clearly sends the message that the explosion was a crime,” said Cecile Roukoz, whose brother, Joseph Roukoz, was killed and who was on hand to meet the pope. “There should be a message, the country should end impunity and ensure justice is served.” When he arrived in Lebanon on Sunday, Leo urged the country’s political leaders to pursue the truth as a means of peace and reconciliation. He said it’s natural to feel “paralyzed by powerlessness in the face of evil and oppressed by so many difficult situations.” But he urged them not to be resigned, and to find ways to remain hopeful and grateful. Be a prophetic sign of peace for the whole of the Levant!” An emotional visit to the hospital The American pope opened his final day in Lebanon with an emotional visit to the De La Croix hospital, which specializes in care for people with psychological problems. The mother superior of the congregation that runs the hospital, Mother Marie Makhlouf, was overcome as she welcomed the pope, telling him that her hospital cares for the “forgotten souls, burdened by their loneliness.” READ MORE: Pope Leo XIV prays for peace at tomb of Lebanese saint revered by Christians and Muslims alike Leo said the facility stands as a reminder to all of humanity. We want to live in comfort.” Families of blast dead seek justice Leo has sought to bring a message of peace to Lebanon as it copes with the economic crises, the aftermath of last year’s devastating war between Hezbollah and Israel and the fallout from the port blast. They were killed because someone kept (ammonium) nitrate in the main port of the city near a residential area.” Khoury said the pope’s prayer and support would bring some relief, but said she would not give up on her pursuit for justice. “But I think it will give some sort of relaxation of this anger that is in my heart until justice is served.” The fate of the port’s massive grain silos, which absorbed much of the shock of the explosion, has also been a matter of debate. Calls for peace in the south Pope Leo XIV referenced the ongoing conflict in southern Lebanon in his farewell speech at the Beirut airport and sent a message of support to people of the south. Christians in the south had been disappointed that his trip did not include a visit to their areas, which were battered by last year’s war between Israel and Hezbollah and are still the target of regular airstrikes that Israel says aim to stop Hezbollah from rebuilding. “I greet all the regions of Lebanon that I was unable to visit: Tripoli and the north, the Beqaa and the south of the country, which is currently experiencing a state of conflict and uncertainty,” Leo said. “As we bid you farewell, we do not only part with an honored guest, but with a father who brought us comfort, and reminded us that the world has not forgotten Lebanon.” Mroue reported from Jal el-Dib, Lebanon.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/u-s-mass-killings-are-down-in-2025-experts-say-its-likely-a-return-to-typical-levels
Article: A shooting last weekend at a children’s birthday party in California that left four dead was the 17th mass killing this year — the lowest number recorded since 2006, according to a database maintained by The Associated Press and USA Today in partnership with Northeastern University. The current drop in numbers is more likely what statisticians call a “regression to the mean,” he said, representing a return to more average crime levels after an unusual spike in mass killings in 2018 and 2019. What goes down must also go back up.” The mass killings — defined as incidents in which four or more people are killed in a 24-hour period, not including the killer — are tracked in the database maintained by The Associated Press and USA Today in partnership with Northeastern University. READ MORE: Investigators urge witnesses of shooting at a party in California that left 3 children dead to come forward Mass killings are rare, and that means the numbers are volatile, said James Densley, a professor of at Metropolitan State University in Minnesota. “Because there’s only a few dozen mass killings in a year, a small change could look like a wave or a collapse,” when really it’s just a return to more typical levels, Densley said. “2025 looks really good in historical context, but we can’t pretend like that means the problem is gone for good.” Decline in rates of homicide and violent crime might be a factor But there are some things that might be contributing to the drop, Densley said, including an overall decline in homicide and violent crime rates, which peaked during the COVID-19 pandemic. “We had the horrible Annunciation School shooting here in Minnesota back in August, and that case wouldn’t even fit the mass killing definition because there were only two people killed but over 20 injured,” Densley said. “But I happen to know from the response on the ground here, that the reason only two people were killed is because of the bleeding control and trauma response by the first responders. And it happened on the doorsteps of some of the best children’s hospitals in the country.” Crime is complex, and academics are not great at assessing the reasons behind crime rate changes, said Eric Madfis, a professor of criminal justice at University of Washington-Tacoma. “It is true that gun violence and gun violence deaths are down, but we still have exceedingly high rates and numbers of mass shootings compared to anywhere else in the world.” More states are dedicating funding to school threat assessments, with 22 states mandating the practice in recent years, Madfis said, and that could be preventing some school shootings, though it wouldn’t have an impact on mass killings elsewhere. Christopher Carita, a former detective with the Fort Lauderdale Police Department and a senior training specialist with gun safety organization 97Percent, said the Safer Communities Act passed in 2022 included millions of dollars of funding for gun violence protection programs. “I feel like for the first time, we’re looking at gun violence as a ‘both, and’ problem nationally.” Focusing on extreme events like mass killings runs the risk of “missing the forest for the trees,” said Emma Fridel, an assistant professor of criminology at Florida State University.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/pennsylvania-police-officer-describes-confronting-luigi-mangione-during-manhunt
Article: NEW YORK (AP) — A Pennsylvania police officer responding to a tip from the manager of a McDonald’s testified Tuesday about confronting Luigi Mangione during the intense manhunt last year for UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson’s killer. As soon as Mangione doffed his medical mask at the restaurant in Altoona, Pennsylvania, Officer Joseph Detwiler said, “I knew” he was the suspect whose face had been all over the news since the shooting five days earlier on a Manhattan sidewalk. He’s real nervous, and he didn’t talk too much,” Detwiler told a supervisor by phone from the restaurant parking lot moments after meeting Mangione, according to the officer’s body-camera video. “I was trying to keep him calm,” Detwiler told the court, adding that he at one point started whistling over the restaurant’s holiday-season music to “make him think that nothing was different about this call than any other call.” Lawyers for Mangione, 27, want to block prosecutors from showing or telling jurors at his eventual Manhattan trial about statements he allegedly made and items authorities said they seized from his backpack during his arrest. The objects include a 9 mm handgun that prosecutors say matches the one used in the killing and a notebook in which they say Mangione described his intent to “wack” a health insurance executive. They also want to suppress some statements Mangione made to law enforcement personnel, such as allegedly giving a false name, because officers started asking questions before telling him he had a right to remain silent. READ MORE: Luigi Mangione fights to bar evidence from state murder trial The laws concerning how police interact with potential suspects before reading their rights or obtaining search warrants are complex and often disputed in criminal cases.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17220941/michael-dell-susan-trump-accounts-donation
Article: NEW YORK — Austin billionaires Michael and Susan Dell pledged $6.25 billion Tuesday to provide 25 million American children under 10 an incentive to claim the new investment accounts for children created as part of President Donald Trump’s tax and spending legislation. It will build hope and opportunity and prosperity for generations to come,” said Michael Dell, the founder and CEO of Dell Technologies whose estimated net worth is $148 billion, according to Forbes. “And we’re all rooting for them to have a wonderful future, a bright future, and that that’s available to them.” Under the new law, “Trump Accounts” are available to any American child under 18 with a Social Security number and their families can fund the accounts, which must be invested in an index fund that tracks the overall stock market. The Dells will put money into the accounts of children 10 and younger who live in ZIP codes with a median family income of $150,000 or less and who won’t get the $1,000 seed money from the Treasury. The Dells hope their gift will encourage families to claim the accounts and deposit more money into it, even small amounts, so it will grow over time along with the stock market. President Trump plans to celebrate the commitment later on Tuesday and a White House spokesperson Kush Desai said the Dell’s gift will be the first of many new pledges to fund the accounts. “It’s also President Trump’s call to action for American businesses and philanthropists to do their part, too.” “It’s hard to give effective dollars away at scale, particularly to the country’s neediest kids in a way that you have confidence that those dollars are going to compound with the upside of the U.S. “And so, this is a unique platform that’s being created by the government that I think can unlock major giving.” Gerstner is also the founder of Invest America Charitable Foundation, which is supporting the Treasury in launching the accounts. “We would like to see this idea continue and get better over time, just like any big policy,’ said Boshara, who co-edited the book “The Future of Building Wealth.” “The ACA, Social Security – they start off fairly flawed, but get much better and more progressive and inclusive over time. It’s a down payment on a big idea that deserves to be improved and there’s bipartisan interest in improving them.” Through the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, the Dell’s have reported giving $2.9 billion since 1999, with a large focus on education. Michael Dell said they had not initially envisioned committing so much to boost the child investment accounts, but Susan Dell said over time, they decided to increase the size of their commitment.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/indonesia-repatriate-2-convicted-dutch-drug-traffickers-including-128038635
Article: Indonesia and the Netherlands have agreed to repatriate two Dutch nationals convicted on drug offenses in Indonesia Indonesia's Coordinating Minister for Legal, Human Rights, Immigration and Correctional Affairs Yusril Ihza Mahendra, right, and Netherlands Ambassador to Indonesia Marc Gerritsen, left, show the document during the signing ceremony the practical arrangement between the government of Indonesia and Netherlands in Jakarta, Indonesia, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Achmad Ibrahim) Indonesia's Coordinating Minister for Legal, Human Rights, Immigration and Correctional Affairs Yusril Ihza Mahendra, right, and Netherlands Ambassador to Indonesia Marc Gerritsen, left, show the document during the signing ceremony the practical arrangement between the government of Indonesia and Netherlands in Jakarta, Indonesia, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Achmad Ibrahim) JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Indonesia and the Netherlands on Tuesday agreed to repatriate two Dutch nationals convicted on drug offences in Indonesia, including one facing the death penalty and another serving a life sentence. The agreement was signed by officials in both Jakarta and Amsterdam following a request by the Dutch king and foreign ministry for the release of the men, both of whom are in poor health, according to Indonesia’s senior law minister, Yusril Ihza Mahendra. Mahendra, who signed the agreement at a ceremony in Jakarta, said the request was approved by Indonesian President Prabowo Subianto, and that he expected the men to be returned to the Netherlands on Dec. The other man, Ali Tokman, 65, was taken into custody at Surabaya airport in December 2014 after customs officers found slightly more than 6 kilograms (13.5 pounds) of brown-colored MDMA, a psychoactive drug. The Dutch Ambassador to Indonesia, Marc Gerritsen, said the Netherlands had made the request for humanitarian reasons and is “very grateful that Indonesia allows these two Dutch detainees to be closer to their families." He said the agreed prison transfer illustrates the good cooperation between the two countries in the areas of justice and law. They included a Filipina who faced the death penalty for drugs, five Australians convicted of heroin trafficking, and two British nationals who also faced death penalty and life sentence for smuggling drugs to Indonesia. The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime says Indonesia is a major drug smuggling hub despite having some of the strictest drug laws in the world, in part because international drug syndicates target its young population.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/sister-former-pakistani-leader-imran-khan-good-health-128039117
Article: A sister of Pakistan’s imprisoned former Prime Minister Imran Khan says he is in good health but is largely being kept under solitary conditions, after authorities allowed her the first family visit in weeks Sister of former Pakistani leader Imran Khan says he is in good health, quelling rumors ISLAMABAD -- Pakistan’s imprisoned former Prime Minister Imran Khan is in good health but is largely being kept under solitary conditions, one of his sisters said Tuesday after authorities allowed her the first family visit in weeks. Uzma Khan's remarks appeared aimed at reassuring Khan's millions of supporters in Pakistan and abroad after concerns were raised over his wellbeing — and even whether he was still alive — though authorities had dismissed any rumors about his condition as baseless. Khan, 73, has been serving multiple prison terms since 2023 on convictions for corruption and other charges that the former cricket star and his supporters have alleged are aimed at blocking his political career. His wife, Bushra Bibi, also has been convicted of graft and is serving time in the same prison, but they are not allowed to see each other except when they appear in court, his supporters have said. Speaking to reporters in the city of Rawalpindi where he is imprisoned, Uzma Khan said she found her brother “perfectly in good health” but furious over largely solitary conditions in the prison. “When I met with him, he was very angry,” she said, quoting him as saying that the “mental torture" of his solitary conditions is "worse than physical abuse.” Supporters of Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf party had gathered outside the Adiala prison since early Tuesday, anxious to hear news about Khan, who had received no visits since Nov. He said Khan's family and legal team should be allowed regular meetings, and denounced restrictions on access to Khan as “mental torture.” Khan was ousted in a no-confidence vote in April 2022 and his party is in opposition in the parliament. Khan and his party often allege that its mandate was stolen in the 2024 parliamentary elections, which they say were rigged in favor of the current Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif, a charge the government denies.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/gen-millennials-embrace-sustainable-alternatives-imported-fresh-flowers-128034505
Article: As Generation Z and millennials incorporate sustainability into events like weddings and birthdays, some are growing their own bouquets or picking wildflowers straight from local fields FILE - A bouquet of flowers rests on a chair at a wedding ceremony at the Dade County Courthouse in Miami, Feb. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell, File) Instead of hiring a florist for her October wedding, Emily Day decided to grow her own flowers in her front yard in Calgary, Canada — a creative challenge that turned into a lesson on the hidden climate costs of the global flower industry. The path many imported fresh flowers take to North America often begins in South America and involves a supply chain full of carbon emissions, said Kai Chan, professor of sustainability science at the University of British Columbia. Holly Lukasiewicz, who owns District 2 Florals in Omaha, Nebraska, incorporates sustainable practices such as sourcing locally and avoiding the green foam blocks that are used to anchor arrangements but typically aren't biodegradable. “Next year, when your anniversary comes up and you see those flowers in bloom or you see them at the farmers market, they’ll remind you of your wedding.” Esther Lee, editorial director at The Knot wedding planning website, said that a significant number of couples say sustainability is important to their wedding plans. Artificial flowers are sometimes advertised as a sustainable alternative to fresh flowers, but it is important to evaluate data from manufacturers that back up this claim, said Silvia Bellezza, associate professor of business at Columbia Business School. “And then when they get beat up, unlike plastic flowers, you can just throw them in your compost and say, ‘go back to the earth, see you later.’” ___ The Associated Press’ climate and environmental coverage receives financial support from multiple private foundations.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/openai-ceo-sam-altman-declares-code-red-improve-128039634
Article: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman has issued a "code red" alert to employees to improve ChatGPT, according to The Wall Street Journal FILE - Sam Altman, co-founder and CEO of OpenAI, testifies before a Senate committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington on May 8, 2025. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana, File) SAN FRANCISCO -- OpenAI CEO Sam Altman has set off a “code red” alert to employees to improve its flagship product, ChatGPT, and delay other product developments, according to The Wall Street Journal. This week marks three years since OpenAI first released ChatGPT, sparking global fascination and a commercial boom in generative AI technology and giving the San Francisco-based startup an early lead. But the company, valued at $500 billion, doesn’t make a profit and has committed more than $1 trillion in financial obligations to the cloud computing providers and chipmakers it relies on to power its AI systems. Nick Turley, an OpenAI vice president and its head of ChatGPT, posted on social media Monday that online search is one of the product's biggest areas of opportunity as the company focuses on making ChatGPT more capable and “even more intuitive and personal.” OpenAI makes revenue from premium subscriptions to ChatGPT but most users get the free version.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/sabrina-carpenter-franklin-turtle-publisher-condemn-trump-administrations-128044918
Article: Pop singer Sabrina Carpenter and the publisher of Franklin the Turtle are disavowing the Trump administration's use of their work Sabrina Carpenter and Franklin the Turtle publisher condemn Trump administration's use of their work FILE - Sabrina Carpenter arrives at the 67th annual Grammy Awards on Feb. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File) WASHINGTON -- Pop singer Sabrina Carpenter and the publisher of the beloved children’s character Franklin the Turtle are disavowing the Trump administration’s use of their music and imagery to support its agenda. Do not ever involve me or my music to benefit your inhumane agenda.” In the caption for the clip, the White House quoted Carpenter’s lyrics, “Have you ever tried this one? Bye-bye.” And on Monday, ‘Franklin the Turtle’ publisher Kids Can Press condemned Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth’s post on X featuring a manipulated image showing Franklin aiming a bazooka at boats. Hegseth posted the image with the caption “Franklin Targets Narco Terrorists.” “We strongly condemn any denigrating, violent, or unauthorized use of Franklin’s name or image, which directly contradicts these values,” the publisher said in a tweet. There is a long list of performers and artists who have objected to the Trump administration using their songs and copyright material, including ABBA, Bruce Springsteen, Olivia Rodrigo, Rihanna, Phil Collins, Pharrell, John Fogerty, Semisonic, Neil Young, Eddy Grant, Panic!

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/black-friday-cyber-monday-shopping-turnout-nrf.html
Article: consumers to shop during the five-day stretch from Thanksgiving Day through Cyber Monday, according to a survey by the National Retail Federation and Prosper Insights & Analytics released on Tuesday. The shopping turnout is the largest since NRF began tracking the five-day total in 2017, and topped the previous high of 200.4 million shoppers during the same days in 2023. On a call with reporters, NRF CEO Matt Shay described the shopping period as "the psychological kickoff of the holidays." He said the number of shoppers represented "a very, very solid beginning" to the season. Shay said the holidays are "very much an emotional purchase." Retailers and economists are closely watching spending during the peak shopping season while trying to make sense of conflicting indicators about the country and U.S. Holiday hiring by retailers is expected to total between 265,000 and 365,000 roles this year, the lowest number of seasonal workers in at least 15 years, according to the NRF. Consumers said in the survey that they were motivated to make purchases during the five days because of sales and promotions, such as free shipping and limited-time deals, said Phil Rist, executive vice president at Prosper Insights and Analytics, the research firm that conducts NRF's annual survey. He added that he expects shoppers to buy bigger baskets of items this season, including items that aren't for the holidays, because shoppers "want to take advantage of these great deals that they're seeing." Top gifts bought during the five-day span were clothing and accessories, with 51% of consumers surveyed saying they bought items in the category, followed by toys with 32%, books and other media with 28% and gift cards with 26%. A total of 129.5 million consumers shopped in stores over the five days, a 3% year over year increase, the survey found, even as the more Americans have done more of their Black Friday shopping online in recent years.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/2/costco-sues-trump-administration-for-us-tariff-refund?traffic_source=rss
Article: Costco has filed a lawsuit against the administration of United States President Donald Trump in efforts to get a full refund on the tariffs the company paid this year before the US Supreme Court weighs in on the legality of tariffs. “Importers that have paid IEEPA duties, including Plaintiff, are not guaranteed a refund for those unlawfully collected tariffs in the absence of their own judgment and judicial relief,” the suit said. “They are filing within the statutory deadline in order to receive the [refunds] for the tariffs that were [allegedly] collected illegally,” Gregory Shaffer, professor of international law at Georgetown University School of Law, told Al Jazeera. “The liquidation of tariffs is the final, official calculation and assessment of the duties, taxes, and fees owed on imported goods.” The White House has pushed back on the lawsuit. The White House looks forward to the Supreme Court’s speedy and proper resolution of this matter,” White House spokesman Kush Desai said in a written statement provided to Al Jazeera. The looming Supreme Court decision The Supreme Court is weighing in to see if the White House has the authority under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) to impose tariffs. “It appeared that there will be at least four votes against, and I got a sense that Justice Gorsuch would vote against, given his concerns,” Shaffer said, referring to Neil Gorsuch, an associate justice of the Supreme Court who was appointed by Trump during his first term as president. “There is a greater likelihood from the questioning that the decision will be against the Trump administration.” In oral arguments at the November hearing, Gorsuch pushed back on the administration’s interpretation of the IEEPA. “It’s a one-way ratchet toward the gradual-but-continual accretion of power in the executive branch and away from the people’s elected representatives.” On Wall Street, Costco’s stock is up by 0.2 percent in midday trading.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/guinea-bissaus-electoral-commission-says-coup-destroyed-election-results?traffic_source=rss
Article: Guinea-Bissau’s electoral commission has said it can no longer complete the November 23 presidential election after armed men seized ballots, tally sheets and computers from its offices, and destroyed the servers storing the results. “They confiscated the computers of all 45 staff members who were at the commission that day,” he said, adding that tally sheets from all regions had been seized and the server where the results were stored had been destroyed. Disputed vote and political fallout The coup unfolded three days after the presidential election, with both main contenders – incumbent President Umaro Sissoco Embalo and opposition candidate Fernando Dias da Costa – claiming victory before provisional results were due. A high-level delegation from the bloc, led by its current chairman and Sierra Leone’s President Julius Maada Bio, met military leaders and electoral commission officials in Bissau on Monday to urge a “complete restoration of constitutional order”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/ex-pm-imran-khan-healthy-but-cut-off-in-pakistan-jail-sister-says?traffic_source=rss
Article: Pakistan’s jailed former Prime Minister Imran Khan is healthy but struggling with the largely solitary conditions in prison, his sister has said, after becoming the first family member in weeks to be allowed to visit him. There is no contact with anybody.” Khanum described Khan as being “very angry” about being so isolated, saying that he deemed the resulting “mental torture” to be “worse than physical abuse”. Prior to Khanum’s visit, both PTI and Khan’s family had expressed alarm that none of his relatives or associates had been allowed to see him for almost a month, with one of his sons telling Reuters last week of his fear “that something irreversible is being hidden from us”.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/cinco-ranch-duck-removal-residents-fort-bend-neighborhood-upset-dead-ducks-question-methods-control-population/18237809/
Article: Residents in Cinco Ranch upset about dead ducks, question methods used to control population Concerned residents in Fort Bend County turned to ABC13, upset by what's being done to control the duck population in Cinco Ranch. "I know it's difficult to take care of the wildlife, but there are other humane ways to deal with it." The animals in question are Muscovy ducks, which you've probably seen before. "They are from Mexico, but I guess they are not reading the border signs," David Atencio, a resident and the former head of the City of Houston's Animal Shelter and Adoption Facility, said.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/former-honduras-president-juan-orlando-hernandez-freed-donald-trump-pardon-drug-trafficking-case/18240821/
Article: Orlando Hernández, sentenced to 45 years in prison for role in drug trafficking op that moved cocaine to US, released from prison Former Honduras President Juan Orlando Hernández has been freed after a Donald Trump pardon. TEGUCIGALPA, Honduras -- Former Honduras President Juan Orlando Hernández, sentenced last year to 45 years in prison for his role in a drug trafficking operation that moved hundreds of tons of cocaine to the United States, was released from prison following a pardon from President Donald Trump, officials confirmed Tuesday. "After almost four years of pain, of waiting and difficult challenges, my husband Juan Orlando Hernández RETURNED to being a free man, thanks to the presidential pardon granted by President Donald Trump," García's post said. 6 defendant for separate gun offense, releasing him from prison Hernández was arrested at the request of the United States in February 2022, weeks after current President Xiomara Castro took office. Two years later, Hernández was sentenced to 45 years in prison in a New York federal courtroom for taking bribes from drug traffickers so they could safely move some 400 tons (360 metric tons) of cocaine north through Honduras to the United States. Kevin Castel said the punishment should serve as a warning to "well educated, well dressed" individuals who gain power and think their status insulates them from justice when they do wrong. But the judge said trial evidence proved the opposite and that Hernández employed "considerable acting skills" to make it seem that he strongly opposed drug trafficking while he deployed his nation's police and military to protect the drug trade. Immediately after Trump announced his intention to pardon Hernández, Honduras Attorney General Johel Zelaya said via X that his office was obligated to seek justice and put an end to impunity. The pardon promised by Trump days before Honduras' presidential election injected a new element into the contest that some said helped the candidate from his National Party Nasry Asfura as the vote count proceeded Tuesday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cz7n921wyzvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trans girls can no longer join Girlguiding, organisation says 29 minutes ago Share Save James Melley Share Save Alamy Girlguiding is responsible for youth girl groups including Brownies and Guides The organisation that oversees girl guide groups in the UK has announced it is banning trans girls from joining. Girlguiding said the move – which means it will not accept biological boys who identify as girls - was in response to the Supreme Court ruling earlier this year that said sex meant biological sex in equality law. Trans rights organisation TransActual said: "There is no problem being solved here, only harm being done." Women's rights charity Sex Matters said Girlguiding had done the "right thing" in making the change. Girlguiding said: "From today (2 December) trans girls and young women, and others not recorded female at birth, will no longer be able to join Girlguiding as new young members." Girlguiding said there would be no immediate changes for young members, but more information would be shared next week. "Girlguiding believes strongly in inclusion, and we will continue to support young people and adults in marginalised groups." In UK law, the 2010 Equality Act sets out the rules for single sex organisations and spaces being able to exclude members of the opposite sex. It said: "Girlguiding's governing charity documents set out that the membership and people who benefit from our organisation are girls and women." The organisation was reportedly facing legal action from a parent who felt it was failing to follow the law.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/suspect-dc-shooting-2-national-guard-members-formally/story?id=128047008
Article: Suspect in DC shooting of 2 National Guard members formally charged with murder Rahmanullah Lakanwal, the 29-year-old Afghan national accused of shooting two West Virginia National Guard members, killing one, in Washington, D.C., has been formally charged with murder. Lakanwal, of Bellingham, Washington, appeared before a judge remotely on Tuesday from his hospital bed, where he is recovering from gunshot wounds he suffered when another National Guard member shot him during the incident. Through a Pashtu interpreter, Lakanwal was charged with one count of murder, two counts of assault with the intent to kill, and one count of possession of a firearm during a crime of violence. At one point during the hearing, Lakanwal, speaking in Pashtu, said through the interpreter, "I cannot open my eyes, I have pain in my ear." This is a developing story.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/broadcast-station-owners-consolidation-regulation-deal-structure.html
Article: In August, Nexstar Media Group, the largest owner of broadcast stations in the U.S., announced a proposed $6.2 billion deal to buy Tegna — a combination that would bring together more than 260 stations across the U.S. Anywhere from 33% to 50% of a broadcast station group's annual revenue stems from retransmission fees — payments made to a broadcaster for the inclusion of local TV affiliates in pay-TV bundles — with advertising making up most of the rest. The impetus for deals among station owners is to cut duplicate costs and add scale to their businesses, increasing negotiating power when it comes time for carriage renewals with the largest pay-TV providers such as Comcast, Charter, Google's YouTube TV and DirecTV. But the conversations with Gray haven't advanced, the people said, as Gray is already awaiting government approval for a much smaller deal and isn't in a rush to explore another transaction. Thomas Fuller | SOPA Images | Lightrocket | Getty Images Initial talks revolved around creating a company where both the Scripps family and the Smith family, which owns the majority of Sinclair's voting shares, would give up majority control of a combined company but remain involved, according to people familiar with the matter. Throughout the Scripps deal discussions, Sinclair proposed three different variations of a transaction, including different stipulations of who would remain as CEO and whether the deal would be structured as a merger or an acquisition, said the people familiar. That same year, Sinclair's attempt to to acquire Tribune ultimately failed amid both Federal Communications Commission concerns and criticism by Democrats and public advocacy groups over whether the merger was in the public interest. "I think there's a lot of complexity to any transaction, especially transactions that involve family-controlled public companies with highly levered balance sheets," Scripps Chief Financial Officer Jason Combs said during Wells Fargo's TMT Summit in November. There's a whole range of issues." When discussions went quiet in September, Sinclair began buying Scripps shares weekly until its stake amounted to roughly 8% and it had to go public, per the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the days following Sinclair's public proposal to acquire Scripps for $7 per share — or more than $580 million — Scripps adopted a shareholder rights' plan, commonly known as a "poison pill," to give it more time to consider the offer. "Given the family control of Scripps, the only effect of adopting a poison pill is to limit the liquidity opportunities for public shareholders of Scripps." A Scripps spokesperson on Wednesday said the company adopted the poison pill "to ensure that all shareholders receive full value in connection with any proposal to acquire the company." The plan is intended to ward off "coercive tactics" and expires after a year, the spokesperson said. After Sinclair's SEC filing that disclosed it had amassed a stake in Scripps, attorneys for Scripps sent a letter to Sinclair raising questions around the stock purchases, according to two of the people familiar with the matter. "Assuming Sinclair received confidential information from Scripps under an NDA, whether any of that information was material and not stale is interesting, because, if so, buying Scripps stock while in possession of that information sounds a lot like insider trading," said Hochman, who is not involved in the Sinclair-Scripps matter. "We are focused on achieving deregulation, and we continue to advocate for the elimination of the antiquated constraints on local television ownership as the best solution to level the competitive playing field for all media," Nexstar CEO Perry Sook said in a November release when requesting approval for the Tegna deal. In addition to the 39% nationwide cap, broadcasters would also like to eliminate another law on the books that prevents one company from owning three or more ABC, CBS, Fox or NBC affiliates in a given media market. In one instance earlier this year, Carr reportedly called the ownership cap "arcane, artificial limits," adding that such rules don't "apply to Big Tech." In late September the FCC said it would review the ownership rules. In addition, the Department of Justice has also been slow moving toward approving deals in the industry, creating a hurdle for deals of all sizes, one of the people said. Meanwhile, Chris Ruddy, CEO of conservative cable TV channel Newsmax and a Trump supporter, is against FCC rules changes, arguing consolidation limits the number of potential voices and raises cable prices for Americans by giving more leverage to the affiliate groups. President-elect Donald Trump speaks to Brendan Carr, his intended pick for Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, as he attends a viewing of the launch of the sixth test flight of the SpaceX Starship rocket on November 19, 2024 in Brownsville, Texas.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/tariff-impact-starting-to-hit-could-cause-reduced-headcount-in-2026.html
Article: President Donald Trump's tariffs, aimed at reshoring American jobs lost to overseas manufacturing, could end up lowering domestic headcount instead, according to recent statements from corporate executives and economic forecasters. But an ISM respondent from the petroleum and coal industry reported, "No major changes at this time, but going into 2026, we expect to see big changes with cash flow and employee head count. The company has sold off a big part of the business that generated free cash while offering voluntary severance packages to anyone." One manager in the electrical equipment, appliances and components business said tariffs are causing a tougher business climate than during the Covid crisis. A report Tuesday from the 38-nation Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development indicated that tariffs have yet to bite the global economy but warned that the full impact could be still to come. imported goods subject to tariffs" which "suggests that tariffs are affecting demand, and will continue to weigh on trade volumes as announced tariffs come into full effect." Those kinds of risks set up challenges for the labor market in the year ahead. An economic report from the Fed last week also noted that employment "declined slightly" over the past seven weeks or so, while manufacturers reported that "tariffs and tariff uncertainty remained a headwind." Commentary out of the Cleveland Fed reflected both sides of the tariff coin: "One large retailer's average costs had increased around 20 percent year-over-year because of tariffs, and it was trying to determine how it would distribute these increases.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/asset-backed-finance-growth-scrutiny.html
Article: watch now A version of this article appeared in CNBC's Inside Alts newsletter, a guide to the fast-growing world of alternative investments, from private equity and private credit to hedge funds and venture capital. According to KKR, the private ABF market has doubled since 2008 to over $6 trillion today – larger than the syndicated loan market, high-yield bond and direct lending markets combined. In a report, the global investment firm said that while direct lending may have powered the private-lending growth last decade, ABF is now "taking a similar road, grabbing the spotlight with its historically attractive yields, diversification benefits and vast market size." Asset-backed finance is often touted as being less risky than direct lending.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/robert-silverstein-who-fought-city-hall-over-hollywood-development-won-dies-at-57
Article: In another, he secured a ruling overturning the city’s approval of the Millennium project, a pair of 39- and 35-story skyscrapers that had been planned next to the Capitol Records building. In yet another case, Silverstein, working as part of a larger legal team, helped persuade a judge to strike down the City Council’s approval of the Hollywood Community Plan update, which called for taller, denser development along transit corridors. “He always said he was trying to stick up for the little guy against the government,” said Doug Haines, a Hollywood resident who worked with Silverstein on more than a dozen lawsuits. “That was his whole focus, and he meant it.” Advertisement California Judge strikes down city’s approval of a Hollywood Target — again A judge has delivered a humiliating new legal defeat to Los Angeles elected officials, striking down the city’s approval of a Hollywood Target shopping center for the second time in three years. The son of a rabbi, Silverstein handled cases across Southern California, zeroing in on what he viewed as violations of zoning plans, public records laws, historic preservation rules, eminent domain procedures and the state’s environmental law, known by its acronym CEQA, or see-quah. Still, nowhere did he have as big an impact as in Hollywood, where he racked up a string of victories during the tenure of two mayors — Antonio Villaraigosa and Eric Garcetti. A judge concluded that the city had violated CEQA by failing to make a parking analysis available for review until a day after the City Council’s planning committee had endorsed the project. (The company had built a replica instead, saying the original structure was too deteriorated.) Silverstein’s aggressive advocacy spurred real estate companies and the city’s planning department to become more exacting about the paperwork they filed, said Jerry Neuman, a land use attorney who represented developers in several Silverstein cases. Silverstein opened his own law office in 2005, taking on clients who were challenging eminent domain, the process used by government agencies to acquire private property from owners who are unwilling to sell. Haines credited Silverstein with defeating the Los Angeles Unified School District’s plan to acquire and demolish scores of homes near the 101 Freeway to make way for a new middle school in Hollywood. Silverstein challenged the legality of the redevelopment agency’s vote, arguing that the property and the surrounding area were not “blighted.” In the end, redevelopment officials reached an agreement with Blue to have the project constructed around his luggage business, which his family had owned since 1946. If his client wanted to settle, he would settle.” Advertisement California Judge refuses to block city order to empty Hollywood apartment tower A judge on Wednesday rejected a request for a temporary restraining order that would have blocked Los Angeles officials from forcing a developer to remove dozens of tenants from a Hollywood high-rise. In the Target lawsuit, Silverstein succeeded in showing that the city had permitted the construction of a 74-foot structure on a site where the zoning limited such projects to 35 feet. “Robert’s dedication ensured that community concerns about environmental and demographic accuracy were taken seriously, and his work set a higher standard for how the city approaches its urban planning,” said Mike Eveloff, a co-founder of Fix the City, one of three groups that challenged the Hollywood plan. “They knew they had to do it right.” Silverstein continued to fight City Hall following the election of Mayor Karen Bass, representing Eveloff’s group as it challenged her order declaring a state of emergency on homelessness.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yqg7g1r4qo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Army fixing 6,000 support trucks grounded over safety issues He assured MPs that "we have maintained forces at a degree of readiness," after Labour's Derek Twigg raised concerns about what would happen if the truck fleet was needed in an emergency. Luke Pollard said the suspension of the British Army's entire support lorry fleet for repairs to be carried out, as first reported by The Times , was an example of the "system working properly". The fleet was withdrawn from service following a recent exercise named Titan Storm on Salisbury Plain, Wiltshire, when faults were discovered in the propshaft of some vehicles, which delivers power to the wheels. All 6,000 vehicles, some of which have been in service for nearly 20 years, are being fitted with replacement parts after some were damaged because they were fitted incorrectly, according to BFBS Forces News. Pollard told MPs: "It's pretty standard fare, right across our military platforms, for there to be safety notices issued and rectification work taking place." He added: "With the platforms we have, the age of some of them, and the usage for them, there's updates required on a regular basis." Pollard was also questioned by MPs about a separate incident on the Titan Storm exercise, which led to the suspension of the Army's Ajax armoured fighting vehicles. But he added: "I have always been clear that the safety of our people is our top priority, that's why we have paused operations." It comes weeks after Pollard claimed the much-delayed £6.3bn Ajax programme had "left its troubles behind" and was ready to be deployed with squadrons on operations. Pollard said he had made this statement after receiving written confirmation from the chief of the general staff and the national armaments director saying Ajax was "demonstrably safe to operate". Asked if he had been misled about their operational readiness, he said: "Until I see the findings of the preliminary report into what happened, I don't want to make a judgement on the process that led up to it."

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/federal-authorities-plan-operation-in-minnesota-focusing-on-somali-immigrants-ap-source-says
Article: MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Federal authorities are preparing a targeted immigration enforcement operation in Minnesota that would primarily focus on Somali immigrants living unlawfully in the United States, a move that comes as President Donald Trump has escalated rhetoric about the state’s Somali community, according to a person familiar with the planning. The prospect of an immigration operation centered on Somali migrants is likely to deepen tensions in Minnesota as Trump has become increasingly focused on people of Somalian descent living in the U.S., saying recently that they “have caused a lot of trouble,” rhetoric that community leaders say has inflamed tensions and revived fears of profiling. Trump and other officials in his administration have used increasingly harsh language in recent days against Somalis living in the U.S., after a conservative news outlet, City Journal, claimed that taxpayer dollars from defrauded government programs have flowed to the Somali group al-Shabab. WATCH: In Ohio, a bipartisan community group seeks common ground on immigration reform Last month, Trump said he was terminating Temporary Protected Status for Somali migrants living in Minnesota, a legal safeguard against deportation for immigrants from certain countries. But pulling a PR stunt and indiscriminately targeting immigrants is not a real solution to a problem.” Trump has claimed immigrants from Somalia were “completely taking over the once great State of Minnesota” and has demeaned Walz, the Democratic vice presidential nominee last year. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said in a social media post Monday that his agency was “investigating allegations that under the feckless mismanagement of the Biden Administration and Governor Tim Walz, hardworking Minnesotans’ tax dollars may have been diverted to the terrorist organization Al-Shabaab.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/despite-legal-challenge-florida-college-votes-transfer-land-128050209
Article: The board of the South Florida college that’s giving away a valuable piece of property for Donald Trump’s future presidential library redid its vote to transfer the land FILE - The Miami-Dade College parking lot, the area where Republican Florida Gov. (AP Photo/Marta Lavandier, File) The board of the South Florida college that's giving away a valuable piece of property for Donald Trump's future presidential library revoted to transfer the land on Tuesday. The board of Miami Dade College faces a lawsuit filed by a local activist and a trial set for August over allegations it violated the state's open government law when it first voted to gift the parcel. One real estate expert wagered that the parcel — one of the last undeveloped lots on an iconic stretch of palm tree-lined Biscayne Boulevard — could sell for hundreds of millions of dollars more. A week after the initial vote, DeSantis and other top GOP officials voted to transfer the land again, effectively putting the property under the control of the Trump family when they deeded it to the foundation for Trump’s library.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/boeing-stock-soars-10percent-on-cfos-latest-forecast-why-it-can-rise-more.html
Article: Speaking at an industry conference, Malave added that the company's previous target of $10 billion in cash generation will be "very attainable." Shares rose nearly 10% on the updated FCF forecast, and are likely not done rallying, said Jim Cramer during Tuesday's Morning Meeting . The news is especially heartening after Boeing's messy third-quarter earnings report in October, which triggered a weeks-long selloff due to a larger-than-expected charge associated with delays in the 777X program. Wolfe Research said Tuesday that the CFO's comments show that "the time for optimism on FCF opportunity has returned." The analysts added that the update hasn't been lost on the market, given the stock's jump, "but we expect to see legs on this move given the de-risked nature of the January 4Q earnings print." Wolfe has a buy-equivalent rating on Boeing stock. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/the-stock-market-believes-google-is-now-winning-the-ai-race-over-openai-nvidia.html
Article: Shares of Alphabet and its chip partner Broadcom are surging this quarter as its new version of Gemini AI was released, while proxies for the private OpenAI — Nvidia and Microsoft — underperform. Google, once considered an AI laggard, stunned the market last month with th e release of its Gemini 3 AI model , which surpassed and matched several of the capabilities of ChatGPT and GPT-family models in industry benchmark tests. Google also released its latest custom silicon chip, its 7th generation Tensor Processing Unit called Ironwood, in November and reports later emerged that the company is preparing to make its TPUs available for other companies beyond Google Cloud, adding another revenue stream for the search giant. Nvidia and OpenAI share a close relationship — Nvidia's GPUs power much of OpenAI's ChatGPT model, and the companies have a strategic partnership to deploy at least 10 gigawatts of AI data centers with a phased investment of up to $100 billion from Nvidia. Shares levered to OpenAI's ChatGPT model and to Nvidia graphics processing units (GPUs) are for the first time since 2016 trading at a discount compared to those levered to Google's Gemini AI model and the search company's custom Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), per their relative forward price-to-equity ratios, according to Kwon. "Now, Gemini/TPU stocks trade at a premium relative to ChatGPT/GPU peers for the first time in nearly a decade — the market is saying GOOGL is winning the AI race," Kwon wrote the note to clients. Altman told employees on Monday that the company is announcing a "code red" effort to improve the quality of ChatGPT and is delaying other products to focus on that effort, according to a Wall Street Journal report . Some investors think Google's TPUs could take away Nvidia's chip dominance, particularly after a report claimed that one of Nvidia's biggest customers, Meta, is exploring using Google's chips for its data centers. Nvidia, after seeing its stock fall 3% on the reports, said in a recent X post that it "is a generation ahead of the industry" with more powerful chips than Google. "The trade is becoming more nuanced and idiosyncratic: the average pairwise correlation of stocks in the Nasdaq 100 have plummeted to 14%, an all-time low, suggesting winners and losers are starting to emerge." Alphabet stock significantly outperformed its 'Magnificent 7' peers during the month of November, which saw several tech stocks sell off.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2025/12/2/oecd-warns-tariffs-ai-will-test-resilience-of-the-global-economy?traffic_source=rss
Article: Global growth is holding up better than expected as an artificial intelligence (AI) investment boom helps offset some of the shock from United States tariff hikes, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). The Paris-based organisation, however, warned on Tuesday that global growth was vulnerable to any new outbreak of trade tensions, while investor optimism about AI could trigger a stock market correction if expectations are not met. In its Economic Outlook, the OECD forecast global growth would slow modestly from 3.2 percent in 2025 to 2.9 percent in 2026, leaving its forecasts untouched from its last estimates in September. OECD head Mathias Cormann said the trade shocks triggered by US President Donald Trump’s tariff hikes had so far proved relatively mild, but added their costs were likely to rise. The US economy is forecast to grow 2 percent in 2025, revised up from 1.8 percent in September, before slowing to 1.7 percent in 2026, up from 1.5 percent predicted in September. AI investment, fiscal support and expected US Federal Reserve rate cuts are helping offset the drag from tariffs on imported goods, reduced immigration and federal job cuts, the OECD said. However, it warned that the Trump administration had put US fiscal policy on an unsustainable trajectory, with large budget deficits and rising debt that would require a “significant adjustment” in the coming years. Advertisement Global trade growth to slow China’s growth is expected to hold steady at 5 percent in 2025, up from 4.9 percent in September, before slowing to 4.4 percent in 2026 – unchanged from September – as fiscal support fades and as new US tariffs on goods imported from China bite. Growth is expected to moderate to 1.2 percent in 2026 – it was seen at 1 percent previously – as budget tightening in France and Italy weighs on the outlook.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/tight-special-election-race-in-deep-red-tennessee-concerns-us-republicans?traffic_source=rss
Article: On Tuesday, voters in the southern state headed to the polls on Tuesday to select a successor for Republican Representative Mark Green, who resigned in July to pursue a career in the private sector. His vacant seat in the US House of Representatives has paved the way for a surprisingly competitive off-season race, one that critics describe as a sign of growing dissatisfaction with Republican President Donald Trump. “I am asking all America First Patriots in Tennessee’s 7th Congressional District to please GET OUT AND VOTE for a phenomenal Candidate and MAGA Warrior, Matt Van Epps!” Trump said in a social media post on Tuesday. “You can win this Election for Matt, who has my Complete and Total Endorsement.” Other national figures have weighed in on the race, including progressive Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and former Vice President Al Gore, both of whom rallied on Behn’s behalf. “The very fact that this race is in play is showing that we are in a time when anything can happen and that miracles can happen, including in Tennessee,” Ocasio-Cortez said, who praised Behn for her “guts”. “Now we have this race within striking distance: what we call the margin of effort.” National spotlight on a local race The fight for control of Tennessee’s 7th congressional district comes less than a year before the US holds its pivotal midterm elections in November 2026. The right-wing stronghold of Texas, for instance, passed a bill in August that would redraw the state’s congressional districts with the aim of giving Republican politicians five extra seats in the midterms. In left-leaning California, for instance, voters approved a ballot initiative in November to redraw the state’s congressional map to help Democrats gain five more seats, effectively negating the Texas effort. MAGA Inc — a super PAC named for Trump’s Make America Great Again (MAGA) movement — has poured $1m into the race, in its first donation since the 2024 presidential election season. Advertisement But a recent Gallup poll found that Trump’s popularity has dropped to the lowest levels of his second term, with just 36 percent of voters saying they approve of his work.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5629010/northeast-winter-snow-storm
Article: A major winter storm is pummeling the Northeast with ice and snow toggle caption Matt Rourke/AP Getting around could be a challenge for millions of people in the Northeastern U.S. A low-pressure system moving from Pennsylvania to Maine is expected to drop 6 inches of snow or more in multiple states and tie up the Tuesday evening commute, according to the National Weather Service. Forecasters also say parts of Appalachia — specifically areas along the border between Virginia and West Virginia — will see widespread icing that could create dangerous conditions on roadways and sidewalks. "Please use caution if you must travel, make sure your emergency supplies at home and in the car are stocked for the winter, and check in on your neighbors — especially older folks — who may need a hand," Maine Gov. toggle caption Jim Vondruska/Getty Images Federal forecasters now say parts of New York, Massachusetts, Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine could see at least a half inch of snow by Wednesday morning.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/puerto-rico-holds-hearings-proposed-power-bill-increases-128050848
Article: territory’s average residential bill rise by at least 40% SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -- SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico is holding key hearings on fee increase requests from private power companies that, if approved, could see the U.S. Residents are balking as private power company officials overseeing the generation, transmission and distribution of power in Puerto Rico insist that additional funding is needed to modernize a crumbling grid that Hurricane Maria razed in 2017. In total, the proposed new charges would raise a bill’s base rate from $4 per month to more than $40, according to the Solar and Energy Storage Association of Puerto Rico and Solar United Neighbors. One of the proposals from Luma, the company that oversees transmission and distribution of power on the island, calls for the residential fixed charge to increase from about $4 per month to $15 starting in January. The island of 3.2 million inhabitants has a more than 40% poverty rate, and people remain angry over the ongoing outages, the damage these have caused to electrical appliances and the proposed power bill increases, one of which could see Puerto Rico’s electricity rate rise to 33 cents per kWh. Bitter negotiations are ongoing, and experts warn that Puerto Ricans will likely see yet another increase in their power bills to pay off that debt if a deal is not reached with bondholders.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/this-cloud-name-is-set-to-post-earnings-wednesday-what-the-charts-show-ahead-of-the-report.html
Article: 2 in upstate New York, the kids are home from school raising holy heck in the next room thanks to an on-going snowstorm, and I'm here updating our Growth Portfolio at Inside Edge Capital — an RIA named after my collegiate ski-racing days; yes, snow-skiing. To help better paint this picture, and possibly make you a better investor, we should talk about the 11 sectors that make up the S & P 500 index and how they are sub-divided into a hierarchy to group similar companies together. Think of it as the plumbing and scaffolding of the modern cloud / internet ecosystem, which makes it possible for apps, data platforms, SaaS web services to operate reliably and at large scale. As mentioned above, the focus with the Internet Services & Infrastructure stocks is topline growth and as you can see the revenue growth (bottom of chart by red dashed line) has been consistently at 25% and above. I will be adding our initial allocation of SNOW in our growth portfolio right after I submit this (well past my deadline) to my editors, and then probably head out to play in the snow a bit with the kids. All opinions expressed by the CNBC Pro contributors are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of CNBC, NBC UNIVERSAL, their parent company or affiliates, and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, internet or another medium.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/hpv-vaccine-safe-cuts-cancer-risk-large-studies-rfk-jr-rcna245437
Article: Nearly 60 randomized controlled clinical trials involving 160,000 participants, considered the gold-standard of scientific research, indicated that HPV vaccination is effective at preventing infection, as well as precancerous cervical lesions and genital warts. In late November, an Australian cervical cancer research organization announced that, almost certainly due to HPV vaccination, there were no new cases in 2021 in women under age 25, a milestone not seen since data had been gathered starting in 1982. “We did a search of social media, looking at all of the things that people were saying HPV was associated with,” said Jo Morrison, senior author of the Cochrane reviews and a gynecological oncology consultant at Somerset NHS Foundation Trust in England. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in guidance established prior to Kennedy’s HHS tenure, recommends vaccinating boys and girls against HPV at ages 11 to 12, before they become sexually active. cervical cancer rate plunged 65% from 2012 to 2019 among women in their early 20s — the first American cohort to receive the shots, according to a 2023 study from the American Cancer Society. Morrison said the Cochrane reviews were likely only able to determine with certainty that the HPV vaccine prevents cervical cancer because the other HPV-linked cancers generally take longer to develop. Nathaniel Edmunds Photography “Cancer is a gift wrapped in barbed wire,” she said, noting that she lives with lymphedema, a permanent side effect of chemo that causes painful fluid retention. “I’m grateful to be here, but I want to make sure that whatever I do has purpose behind it.” She’s become a social worker and volunteers for Cervivor, a cervical cancer advocacy nonprofit. Among the worries are that providing a vaccine against an STI might eventually lead to sexual risk-taking among children, although Harvard University-based research has found no evidence to support it.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cql94xeyv72o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Erling Haaland has become the 35th footballer to join the Premier League's '100 club' by reaching a century of goals in the competition with the opener in Manchester City's fixture at Fulham. The Norwegian striker has also become the fastest player to reach the milestone, with his 100th goal coming in his 111th game - beating Alan Shearer's previous record, set in 1995, by 13 appearances. Haaland's total goals-per-game rate in the Premier League is now 0.90, and he may eventually challenge for Shearer's overall goals record of 260 in the division, which launched in 1992-93 when it broke away from the English Football League.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221024/webb-county-judge-tano-tijerina-congressional-run
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback Webb County Judge Tano Tijerina launched his bid to run as a Republican for South Texas’ 28th Congressional District on Tuesday, kicking off his campaign to flip a key battleground district red. “I am running for Congress because our community deserves someone who knows our struggles, shares our values, and will fight for it like family.” Tijerina was elected as a Democrat to lead Webb County in 2014 but switched to the Republican Party last December, saying that the Democratic Party no longer aligned with his values. “For years, our district has had a member of Congress who has grown too comfortable in Washington while families here struggle, and now he is facing serious federal corruption accusations that have shaken the trust of the people he is supposed to serve,” Tijerina said about Cuellar in the release. I choose South Texas.” The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee — House Democrats’ campaign arm — has stood behind Cuellar and criticized Tijerina for allegedly violating federal campaign law and attempting to dodge the Texas Constitution’s resign-to-run rule. A complaint filed with the FEC last month alleged that Tijerina postponed his campaign announcement and improperly kept his campaign “under the guise of an exploratory committee” because he wanted to avoid triggering the state’s resign-to-run law. The law holds that certain local officials automatically resign their seat if they announce their candidacy for another position with more than one year and 30 days left in their term. Tijerina had originally scheduled a campaign event for Monday — when he would have still been subject to the resign-to-run provision — to talk about the “fight for South Texas” and “celebrate the spirit of our community,” but it was postponed to Tuesday. South Texans deserve dedicated public servants, not politicians playing political games at the taxpayers’ expense.” Tijerina has called the allegation a “political sham,” posting a statement on social media last week that he was “following every federal and state rule governing exploratory activity, and has not crossed a single legal line.”

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-justice-department-seeks-dismiss-maurene-comey-lawsuit-128051570
Article: Justice Department is seeking dismissal of a lawsuit that fired former federal prosecutor Maurene Comey brought against it, saying she didn't properly follow administrative complaint procedures before suing FILE - Assistant U.S. It said her lawsuit was not properly before the court because she did not fully comply with administrative procedures requiring the Merit Systems Protection Board to first consider her claim. Comey claims, her removal was a prohibited personnel action or an arbitrary and capricious agency action.” Maurene Comey's lawyers said in the filing that the board “lacks expertise to adjudicate this novel dispute” and was not an appropriate forum because “this case raises foundational constitutional questions with respect to the separation of powers.” They also argued that it was “no longer true” that the board functions independently of the president. Attorney John Sarcone in Albany took the case after the recusal of prosecutors in New York, where Maurene Comey had secured guilty verdicts in several high-profile cases, including the sex trafficking conviction of Ghislaine Maxwell and the bribery convictions of former U.S. Two weeks before Maurene Comey was fired, a jury convicted music maven Sean Combs of prostitution-related charges, though it acquitted him of more serious sex trafficking and racketeering conspiracy charges.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/these-dividend-stocks-are-cheap-and-have-high-payout-growth-says-wolfe.html
Article: To that end, Senyek and his team compiled a list of 30 dividend aristocrat stocks that also hit on two other themes he likes — high dividend growth or those in the second quintile of dividend yield. Here are some of the names that hit all three — they are dividend aristocrats that have a last-12-month dividend growth greater than the market and are in the second quintile of dividend yield. Becton Dickinson, which was targeted by activist investor Starboard earlier this year, announced in July that lab equipment maker Waters will buy a spin off of its bioscience and diagnostics unit . "The Aerospace segment in particular performed impressively, growing revenue 30.3% and expanding margins by 100 basis points from the same period a year ago, with order activity for business jets remaining very strong." General Dynamics has an average analyst rating of overweight and 14.5% upside to the average price target, per FactSet.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/rahmanullah-lakanwal-pleads-not-guilty-in-us-national-guard-shooting?traffic_source=rss
Article: The man accused of shooting two members of the National Guard in an attack in the United States capital of Washington, DC has pleaded not guilty to charges of first-degree murder and assault. Rahmanullah Lakanwal, a 29-year-old Afghan national, appeared remotely for his first court appearance on Tuesday via video from a hospital bed, wearing a hospital gown and struggling to keep his eyes open. A judge in Washington said that the Wednesday shooting caused “sheer terror” in the country’s capital and ordered that Lakanwal, who formerly served with a CIA-trained unit in his native Afghanistan during the US occupation of that country, be held without bond. A 20-year-old specialist named Sarah Beckstrom was killed, and 24-year-old Staff Sergeant Andrew Wolfe was wounded in the shooting, which Republicans quickly used to call for greater restrictions on immigration to the US. Prosecutors allege that Lakanwal travelled from Washington state on the other side of the country to Washington, DC to carry out the deadly attack and that he yelled out “Allahu akbar!”, meaning “God is greatest,” as he opened fire. US news outlets have reported that Lakanwal, evacuated from Afghanistan after the collapse of the US-backed government in 2021, had grown increasingly despondent about the direction of his life after the war, becoming isolated and prompting concern about his mental state from associates. Advertisement “They [the Trump administration] seem to be using this horrific attack as a political cudgel to carry out the heinous immigration plans that they had anyway,” Shawn VanDiver, president of the group Afghan Evac, which supports Afghans brought to the US after the end of the war, said during a recent interview.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/illinois-rental-car-license-plates-immigration-agents-illegal-rcna246115
Article: According to documents obtained by NBC News via the Freedom of Information Act, the Illinois secretary of state’s office sent letters to at least 19 national car rental car headquarters stating that they had received public complaints of immigration agents switching license plates on rented vehicles during the time that Operation Midway Blitz, an extensive government deportation operation, was active in the Chicago area. That revocation was of a license plate belonging to a 2026 Chevy Tahoe that had been rented by immigration agents, according to a statement from the Illinois secretary of state. Immigration and Customs Enforcement acting Director Todd Lyons, citing “multiple reports of federal ICE agents illegally swapping out the license plates displayed on vehicles that are registered in the State of Illinois.” “These violations carry penalties that include fines and potential jail time, and the Secretary of State’s Office has the authority to suspend or revoke Illinois license plates that are misused in this way,” the letter to Lyons stated. “Our operators comply with federal law and, consistent with the Supremacy Clause, endeavor to comply with state law except where doing so could compromise or interfere with the federal mission and operations,” the DHS statement said. The Illinois Secretary of State should be thanking them.” Immigration officials have repeatedly said they have been targeted by activists, who they say at times follow their vehicles then verbally harass them, honk horns or blow whistles to alert others as agents attempt to carry out deportation actions. They come amid public complaints that the massive deportation operation ordered by President Donald Trump lacks transparency; carried out by agents shrouded with masks, driving in unmarked vehicles and potentially with disguised license plates. The issue involving using rental cars for deportation also arose in August, when Penske Truck Rental issued a statement saying it did not authorize the use of their trucks for a deportation operation in Los Angeles and that its cargo area was not meant to transport people. At the time, DHS said it conducted a “targeted raid” that ultimately “resulted in the arrest of 16 illegal aliens from Guatemala, Mexico, Honduras and Nicaragua.” It is the latest clash between state and federal government entities as intensive immigration operations expand through the nation. The cease and desist letter follows the launch of “Plate Watch” in Illinois, a hotline urging the public to report instances in which law enforcement vehicles are not carrying valid license plates, including when the plate IDs are partially shrouded or entirely missing. When Illinois Secretary of State Alexi Giannoulias launched the effort in October, he pointed to a social media video in which it appears an immigration officer is seen telling an individual to take all the photos they wanted of a specific truck’s license plates because they swapped them out every day anyway. I urge residents to continue reporting these incidents to the Plate Watch hotline.” Illinois Secretary of State Alexi Giannoulias Tom Williams / CQ-Roll Call, Inc via Getty Images file The letters from the Illinois secretary of state demanded the companies warn all their customers that the practice of changing license plates on a vehicle was a violation of state law and noted the companies would be held accountable. A Giannoulias aide said that as intensified immigration enforcement has played out in recent weeks, the secretary of state’s office received reports from anonymous callers alleging varying violations: a different license plate on the front of the vehicle than in the back, no license plates on either the front or the back, plates that are partially masked, or the same vehicle carrying a different license plate from one day to the next. “Given the above notice, the Illinois Secretary of State demands that your entity notify and prohibit your customers from swapping, or otherwise altering, license plates on Illinois registered vehicles in violation of Illinois law,” the letters state.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/trump-administration-says-will-withhold-snap-food-aid-democrat-led-states-provide-recipient-records/18241337/
Article: Trump administration says it will withhold SNAP food aid from Democrat-led states over data WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump's administration said Tuesday that it will move to withhold SNAP food aid from recipients in most Democratic-controlled states starting next week unless they provide information about those receiving the assistance. Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said at a Cabinet meeting Tuesday that the action is in the works because those states are refusing to provide data the department requested such as the names and immigration status of the aid recipients. As part of Trump's big tax and policy bill earlier in the year, work requirements are expanding to include people who are ages 55 to 64, homeless people and others.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/politician-ayachi-hammami-latest-arrest-in-tunisia-opposition-crackdown?traffic_source=rss
Article: Police in Tunisia have arrested prominent opposition figure Ayachi Hammami at his home to enforce a five-year prison sentence after an appeals court upheld convictions against dozens of the administration’s political opponents on charges of conspiracy against state security. The court last week confirmed jail terms ranging from four to 45 years for opposition leaders, business figures and lawyers accused of plotting to overthrow President Kais Saied, who has conducted a crackdown on opposition figures for years. “If you are seeing this video, I have been arrested,” Hammami, who served as minister of human rights in 2020, said in a video posted by his family on his Facebook page on Tuesday. Responding to the Tunis Court of Appeal’s decision to uphold the convictions on November 28, Amnesty’s Deputy Middle East and North Africa Director, Sara Hashash, said: “The decision by the Tunis Court of Appeal to uphold the unjust convictions in the so-called ‘conspiracy case’ is an appalling indictment of the Tunisian justice system … the Appeals Court has deliberately ignored the litany of fair trial violations that have plagued this sham case from day one.” Saied suspended parliament in what opponents describe as a “coup” in July 2021, later ruling by decree. Many of those powers were incorporated into a new constitution ratified in a widely boycotted 2022 referendum, while media figures, activists and lawyers critical of Saied have been detained under a “fake news” law passed the same year. They include Jawhar Ben Mbarek, the cofounder of the country’s main opposition alliance; Issam Chebbi, the leader of the centrist Al Joumhouri party; Rached Ghannouchi, the leader of the Ennahda Party and the parliament’s former speaker; former Prime Minister Ali Larayedh; and Abir Moussi, the head of the Free Constitutional Party.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/dick-clarks-new-years-rockin-eve-ryan-seacrest-2026-announces-largest-performer-lineup-history/18241437/
Article: Chappell Roan is set to perform during "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2026." Chappell Roan is set to perform during "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2026." Chappell Roan is set to perform during "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2026." Chappell Roan is set to perform during "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2026." New Year's Eve just got a lot more rockin'! GRAMMY-winner Chappell Roan, "KPop Demon Hunters" singing voices of HUNTR/X: EJAE, Audrey Nuna and REI AMI, Mariah Carey, Post Malone and more are set to hit the stage to help ring in the New Year. NFL legend Rob Gronkowski returns alongside "Dancing with the Stars" co-host Julianne Hough, who makes her "New Year's Rockin' Eve" co-hosting debut as they take over the "Entertainment Capital of the World." Details for the Puerto Rico celebration will be revealed soon. "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest 2026" superstar performers include: - 4 Non Blondes - 50 Cent - AJR - BigXthaPlug - Chance the Rapper - Charlie Puth - Chappell Roan - Ciara - Demi Lovato - DJ Cassidy's Pass the Mic Live! & Wyclef Jean - Filmore - Goo Goo Dolls - Jess Glynne - Jessie Murph - Jordan Davis - KPop Demon Hunters: The Singing Voices of HUNTR/X - EJAE, Audrey Nuna and REI AMI - Leon Thomas - LE SSERAFIM - Lil Jon - Little Big Town - Madison Beer - Maren Morris, sponsored by Carnival Cruise Line - Mariah Carey - New Kids on the Block - OneRepublic - Pitbull - Post Malone - Rick Springfield - Russell Dickerson - The All-American Rejects - Tucker Wetmore - Zara Larsson.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/amazon-announces-new-ai-chips-closer-nvidia-ties-but-its-cloud-capacity-that-matters-most.html
Article: Amazon Web Services' two-track approach to artificial intelligence came into better focus Tuesday as the world's biggest cloud pushed forward with its own custom chips and got closer to Nvidia . For example, Google's tensor processing units (TPUs), co-designed by Broadcom , have also been getting a lot of attention since last month's launch of the well-received Gemini 3 artificial intelligence model. By offering both options, Amazon aims to keep accelerating AWS cloud capacity and, in turn, revenue growth to stay on top during a time of intense competition from Microsoft 's Azure and Alphabet 's Google Cloud, the second and third place horses in the AI race, by revenue. Amazon CEO Andy Jassy said at the time , "AWS is growing at a pace we haven't seen since 2022, re-accelerating to 20.2% YoY." He added, "We've been focused on accelerating capacity — adding more than 3.8 gigawatts (GW) in the past 12 months." Tuesday's announcements come at a pivotal time for AWS as it tries to rapidly expand its computing capacity after a year of supply constraints that put a lid on cloud growth. As great as more efficient chips are, they don't make up for the capacity demand that the company is facing as AI adoption ramps up, which is why adding more gigawatts of capacity is what Wall Street is laser-focused on. In a note to investors on Monday, the analysts estimate Amazon will add more than 12 gigawatts of compute by year-end 2027, boosting total AWS capacity to support as much as $150 billion in incremental annual AWS revenue if demand remains strong. Bottom line While new chips are welcome news that helps AWS step deeper into the AI chip race, Amazon's investment in capacity and when that capacity will be unlocked is what investors are more locked in on because that's how it will fulfill demand. As of Tuesday's close, shares were up 6.5% year to date, a laggard among its "Magnificent Seven" peers, and underperforming the S & P 500 's roughly 16% advance in 2025. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/report-finds-widespread-police-failings-over-uks-hillsborough-disaster?traffic_source=rss
Article: A major report has found that there were widespread police failings both before and after the deadly Hillsborough football stadium crush that led to the deaths of 97 Liverpool supporters in northern England in 1989. At the end of an investigation that began in 2012, the UK’s police watchdog concluded on Tuesday that 12 police officers would have had cases to answer for gross misconduct over the United Kingdom’s worst sporting tragedy. Longtime campaigner Margaret Aspinall, whose 18-year-old son James was killed that day, expressed her anger, calling it a “disgrace to this nation” that the 12 officers could “walk away scot free with a full pension”. Almost 100 people died in the ensuing crush, as fans who had come to watch their side play Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup semifinal were trapped against metal fences or trampled underfoot. The latest report, published by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), said it had “found additional evidence” that provided a more “detailed understanding” of what happened at the stadium. The victims’ families said on Tuesday that Norman Bettison, one of the 12 named officers, who went on to become head of Merseyside Police, should be stripped of his knighthood. The British Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood called Hillsborough a “stain on our nation’s history” that “today serves as a stark reminder of one of the most significant failings in policing the country has ever seen”.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/los-angeles-county-proposal-law-enforcement-mask-ban
Article: Los Angeles County supervisors advanced an ordinance Tuesday that would prohibit law enforcement officers — including immigration enforcement agents — from wearing masks while working in unincorporated parts of the county. Since raids began this summer, armed federal agents — their faces hidden by neck gaiters or ski masks — have repeatedly hopped out of unmarked vans and apprehended people from street corners, car washes and Home Depot parking lots. The county’s top lawyer, Dawyn Harrison, has said she suspects the federal government will likely argue that the county law violates the Constitution, which states that federal law takes precedence over conflicting local statutes. Department of Homeland Security Assistant Secretary Tricia McLaughlin has said immigration agents need to disguise themselves to avoid having their names publicized or being “doxed.” Advertisement The motion passed 4-0, with Supervisor Kathryn Barger abstaining. Advertisement “My concern is we’re bringing in a motion that is probably going to end up in court, that I question is even legal for us to do,” Barger said in July.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/ozzy-osbourne-honored-comic-book-biography-timed-celebrate-prince-darknesss-birthday/18241483/
Article: Ozzy Osbourne honored with comic book biography, timed to celebrate the music legend's birthday From TidalWave Comics comes the latest edition in their "Tribute" comic book series, "Tribute: Ozzy Osbourne." On The Red Carpet has a look at the cover. The edition celebrates the life and legacy of the trailblazing musician, originally rising to fame as the lead vocalist in Black Sabbath and then carving his own path as a solo artist and reality-TV pioneer. Osbourne died of a heart attack earlier this year on July 22 at age 76, marking the end of an era, but his enduring influence on generations of fans and musicians lives on.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly359r7vkvo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Catherine sends Christmas message of love in 'uncertain times' Catherine will be hosting her annual carol concert at Westminster Abbey Traditional Christmas carols will be sung in the specially decorated Abbey, with readings and music from performers including Hannah Waddingham and Kate Winslet. The Princess of Wales has sent a Christmas message about the importance of acts of kindness in times that can seem "fragmented or uncertain", in a letter to guests attending her carol concert in Westminster Abbey on Friday. Catherine's first speech in two years calls for dignity for carers "At its heart, Christmas speaks of love taking form in the simplest, most human ways," write Catherine in her letter to guests. A moment of listening, a word of comfort, a friendly conversation, a helping hand, presence." Last month she gave her first public speech in two years, as she gradually recovers after her cancer diagnosis and chemotherapy. While guests are waiting to get inside Westminster Abbey, they will hear music from young people supported by the the Future Talent charity, co-founded by the late Duchess of Kent, who died this autumn. Among the guests will be Anna and Jonathan Cordiner, whose daughter died of a brain tumour, and who set up a charity, Kayleigh's Wee Stars, to support families where a child has a terminal illness. Also attending will be Saphia Turner, aged nine, the winner of the BBC's Make a Difference Young Hero Award, who sells artwork and carries out sponsored challenges to raise money for food banks. "As the year draws to a close, I hope this season brings you moments of peace and clarity, and that you too, feel surrounded by the same love and care that you offer so freely," writes Catherine. The public spending watchdog is to hold an inquiry into the Crown Estate and royal property next year, in the wake of questions over Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor's arrangements in Royal Lodge.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/ventura-county-sanctuary-kept-exotic-animals-without-permits-d-a-says
Article: The sanctuary, Born to Be Free in Frazier Park, was found to be in possession of African lions, leopards, warthogs, a European brown bear, a serval, a fishing cat, a leopard–tiger hybrid, a lion–tiger hybrid and a wolf–dog hybrid, the Ventura County district attorney’s office said in a news release. “California’s restricted species laws exist for a reason — these animals require specialized care, secure facilities, and experienced handlers,” Nathaniel Arnold, deputy director and chief of law enforcement for the state wildlife agency, said in a statement. Born to Be Free must now comply with a permanent injunction prohibiting it from possessing restricted species without a permit and pay $50,435 in civil penalties, court fees and reimbursement to the state wildlife agency, according to a stipulated judgment approved by the Ventura County Superior Court on Nov.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c5yj59n0veqo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: No 10 highlighted the security advantage of consolidating the seven Chinese sites currently dotted around the capital, as the date for a decision on whether to grant planning permission was pushed back for a third time - into the new year. In a letter seen by one of the groups opposed to the plan, the Interparliamentary Alliance on China, the home secretary and the foreign secretary said they had been working to ensure the "national security issues" associated with the new embassy were addressed. Shabana Mahmood and Yvette Cooper said their concerns had been resolved as China had agreed it would move all its accredited diplomats in London onto a single site were it to be approved. He added the Home Office and Foreign Office had "provided views on particular security implications, and have been clear throughout that a decision shouldn't be taken until we affirm that those considerations have been completed or resolved." If plans go ahead, the Chinese embassy would be the biggest in Europe, with space to house 200 staff on site, as well as offices and a large basement area. Suspicions were also raised when planning documents for the embassy had parts of the blueprints blanked out when they were submitted to Tower Hamlets council, marked "redacted for security reasons". Back in the summer, the then Deputy Prime Minister Angela Rayner gave China two weeks to explain what those rooms were to be used for - and officials now seem satisfied. The Chinese Embassy in the UK has previously said the new complex would enhance "mutually beneficial cooperation" between China and Britain, with officials arguing that objections to the site are unjustified. Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer focused on the difficult balancing act of UK-China relations in a speech setting out his foreign affairs priorities in the City of London on Monday. Stressing that China is still a "defining force in technology, trade and global governance", while still recognising the "reality" that China "poses national security threats", Sir Keir said he wanted to seize the potential export opportunities around finance, pharmaceuticals and luxury goods. The head of MI5 has described Chinese state actors as a daily national security threat to the UK, and the security service issued an unusual espionage alert last month about two named Chinese profiles on LinkedIn targeting MPs and parliamentary staff, which China denied. Shadow housing secretary Sir James Cleverly accused Labour of trying to "steamroller" planning approval through "without proper scrutiny" and despite "the danger it poses to Britain's national security" because ministers do not have the "backbone to stand up to China". "The government must now ensure they can submit their concerns, via a private hearing, safe from the eyes of the regime in Beijing, and it is essential that the authorities have access to the full, unredacted drawings hidden by the Chinese government."

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/mrvl-earnings-q3-2026-acquires-celestial-ai.html
Article: The addition of Celestial could enable Marvell to sell more chips and parts to companies that are currently committing to spend hundreds of billions of dollars on infrastructure for AI. Optical connections are becoming increasingly important because the most advanced AI systems need those parts tie together dozens or hundreds of chips so they can work as one to train and run the biggest large-language models. Currently, many AI chip connections are done using copper wires, but newer systems are increasingly using optical connections because they can transfer more data faster and enable physically longer cables. "This builds on our technology leadership, broadens our addressable market in scale-up connectivity, and accelerates our roadmap to deliver the industry's most complete connectivity platform for AI and cloud customers," Marvell CEO Matt Murphy said in a statement. Marvell said that the first application of Celestial technology would be to connect a system based on "large XPUs," which are custom AI chips usually made by the companies investing billions in AI infrastructure. On Tuesday, the company said that it could even integrate Celestial's optical technology into custom chips, and based on customer traction, the startup's technology would soon be integrated into custom AI chips and related parts called switches. Amazon Web Services Vice President Dave Brown said in a statement that Marvell's acquisition of Celegstial will "help further accelerate optical scale-up innovation for next-generation AI deployments." The maximum payout for the deal will be triggered if Celestial can record $2 billion in cumulative revenue by the end of fiscal 2029. Marvell shares rose 9% in extended trading Tuesday as the company reported third-quarter earnings that beat expectations and said on the earnings call that it expected data center revenue to rise 25% next year.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/cma-country-christmas-brings-louisiana-nashville-year/18185809/
Article: 'CMA Country Christmas' brings Louisiana to Nashville this year This year's "CMA Country Christmas" on ABC will feature a pair of first-time hosts, Jordan Davis and Lauren Daigle who are both from Louisiana. "Bing Crosby, Nat King Cole, just those big band, big orchestras, so to have like a little hat tip to the Christmas music that I love, I'm really excited." "The Pres Hall, I mean that's a Louisiana staple right there," added Davis who has his own special collaboration planned. "So being able to perform with them is going to be awesome." This year's all-star lineup for the annual holiday season special also includes Megan Moroney, Riley Green, Susan Tedeshi, Derek Trucks and BeBe Winans, plus a brand-new Christmas song from Lady A and Parker McCollum's "CMA Country Christmas" debut. "This is one of those shows," Lady A's Dave Haywood told On the Red Carpet, "that every year when it comes on, my family, we're all around, gather around and watch it. So it's kind of become a tradition for us to be a part of it for a number of years now." "I just love Christmas, I love holidays, it's my favorite time of year," Parker McCollum said. "So to be a part of something that, you know, you kinda get to cheat and celebrate Christmas a little bit early, I'll never say no to that." "CMA Country Christmas" airs December 2 on ABC at 9/8c and streams next day on Hulu and Disney+.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/trump-administration-says-it-will-withhold-snap-from-states-led-by-democrats-if-they-dont-provide-recipient-data
Article: WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump’s administration said Tuesday that it will move to withhold SNAP food aid from recipients in most Democratic-controlled states starting next week unless those states provide information about those receiving the assistance. READ MORE: ‘You cannot crowdsource $8 billion.’ Here’s what to know about the lapse in SNAP benefits Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said at a Cabinet meeting Tuesday that the action is looming because those states are refusing to provide data the department requested such as the names and immigration status of aid recipients. Democratic states have sued to block the requirement, saying they verify eligibility for SNAP beneficiaries and that they never share large swaths of sensitive data on the program with the federal government. Rollins has cited information provided by states that have complied, saying it shows that 186,000 deceased people are receiving SNAP benefits and that 500,000 are getting benefits more than once. “We asked for all the states for the first time to turn over their data to the federal government to let the USDA partner with them to root out this fraud, to make sure that those who really need food stamps are getting them,” Rollins said, “but also to ensure that the American taxpayer is protected.” Her office has not released detailed data, including on how much in benefits obtained by error or fraud are being used. Experts say that while there is certainly fraud in a $100 billion-a-year program, the far bigger problems are organized crime efforts to steal the benefit cards or get them in the name of made-up people — not wrongdoing by beneficiaries. Jahana Hayes, a Connecticut Democrat who is a co-sponsor of legislation to undo recent SNAP changes, said Rollins is trying to make changes without transparency — or without a role for Congress — and that she is mischaracterizing the program. “Individuals who are just trying to buy food, those aren’t the ones who are gaming the system in the way that the administration is trying to portray,” Hayes said in an interview on Tuesday before Rollins announced her intention. “The Governor wishes President Trump would be a president for all Americans rather than taking out his political vendettas on the people who need these benefits the most,” said Claire Lancaster, a spokesperson for Minnesota Gov. Kathy Hochul tweeted, “Genuine question: Why is the Trump Administration so hellbent on people going hungry?” SNAP has been in the spotlight recently The program is not normally in the political spotlight, but it has been this year. As part of Trump’s big tax and policy bill earlier in the year, work requirements are expanding to include people between the ages of 55 and 64, homeless people and others.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221082/jasmine-crockett-senate-texas-allred-talarico
Article: Crockett, a second-term representative with a large national social media following, has teased a Senate run for weeks, saying publicly that she was exploring the possibility via polling and that she believed she could do what no Texas Democrat has done in over 30 years — win statewide — by expanding the electorate. The Talarico campaign said he called Crockett over the weekend, but that no polling data was shared; the Crockett campaign said the congresswoman offered to share internal polling but that Talarico didn’t request to see it. “We also need to make sure we have, what I consider to be, a strong slate — people that can also raise money, people that also have different groups of people that are attracted to them,” Crockett said, adding that she is the leading candidate among Black and brown voters. “So I’ve actually been talking to other candidates, potential candidates, as well, trying to recruit them.” Democratic state legislators are already running for the other statewide positions, and getting candidates to shift gears before Monday’s filing deadline would be challenging. Matt Angle, a Democratic operative and founder of the Lone Star Project, said the upside for Democrats is that the candidate that emerges from the primary will have been well-tested. “And so you hate that we’ve got our best candidates running against each other.” Public polling of the race indicates that Crockett would be a formidable primary candidate, but may struggle, as Democrats in Texas have for decades, in a general election. A University of Houston Hobby School poll from late September, which included O’Rourke in a potential primary, found Crockett leading the field at 31% and beating both Allred and Talarico in head-to-head matchups. In general election matchups against each of the three Republican candidates, the poll found Crockett losing, though her position against Attorney General Ken Paxton was within the margin of error.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/trump-calls-ilhan-omar-garbage-somalis-go-back-came-from-rcna247041
Article: In a social media post Monday night, Noem said, “I am recommending a full travel ban on every damn country that’s been flooding our nation with killers, leeches, and entitlement junkies.” A source familiar with the plan said today that about 30 countries will be on that list. These aren’t people that say, 'Let’s go, come on, let’s make this place great.' These are people that do nothing but complain.” "You know, if they came from paradise, and they said, 'This isn't paradise,' but when they come from hell and they complain and do nothing but bitch, we don’t want them in our country. Trump said, "Somalians ripped off that state for billions of dollars, billions, every year, billions of dollars, and they contribute nothing." Walz, the 2024 Democratic vice presidential nominee, told NBC News' "Meet the Press" on Sunday the fraudsters are going to jail, and "to demonize an entire community on the actions of a few, it’s lazy." There are an estimated 80,000 Somalis in Minnesota, and Walz said Trump is "demonizing an entire group of people who came here, fleeing civil war, and created a vibrant community that makes Minnesota and this country better.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/minimalist-prada-buys-maximalist-milan-rival-versace-for-1-4-billion
Article: MILAN (AP) — The Prada Group closed the purchase of Milan fashion rival Versace in a $1.375 billion cash deal that puts the fashion house known for its sexy silhouettes under the same roof as Prada’s “ugly chic” aesthetic and Miu Miu’s youth-driven appeal. I am thinking of the smile you would have had on your face,” she wrote in a post that also featured a 1996 photo of Gianni Versace with Miuccia Prada. WATCH: AI-generated models shake up the fashion industry and raise concerns The son of co-creative director Miuccia Prada and longtime Prada Group chairman Patrizio Bertelli has said he doesn’t expect to make any swift executive changes at Versace, although he also noted that the company, which is among the top 10 most recognized brands in the world, has long been underperforming in the market. Prada has underlined that the 47-year-old Versace brand offered “significant untapped growth potential.” The appeal of the deal is that it combines “the minimalist Prada (with) a maximalist Versace,” said Luca Solca, managing director for the luxury sector at the Sanford C. They are going to have to invent something which is going to make the brand attractive, desirable and interesting again.” WATCH: Robin Givhan’s ‘Make It Ours’ explores how Virgil Abloh helped redefine fashion Versace already has begun a creative relaunch under a new designer, Dario Vitale, who previewed his first collection during Milan Fashion Week in September. Breaking from the past Capri Holdings paid $2 billion for Versace in 2018, but had been struggling to position the brands’ bold profile in the recent era of “quiet luxury.″ Capri Holdings chairman John D. Idol said in a statement that “Prada is the ideal partner to guide this celebrated luxury house into its next era of growth.” WATCH: Exhibition showcases pioneering work of fashion designer Andrew Gn Versace represented 20% of Capri Holdings’ 2024 revenue of 5.2 billion euros. Prada said when the deal was announced in April that Versace would represent 13% of the Prada Group’s pro-forma revenues, with Miu Miu coming in at 22% and Prada at 64%. “Making a bag for one brand or another, the know-how is the same,” Bertelli told reporters last week at the group’s Scandicci leather goods factory, which already makes bags for the Prada and Miu Miu brands and will soon add Versace. The Prada Group has invested 60 million euros in its supply chain this year, including a new leather goods factory near Siena, a new knitwear factory near Perugia, as well as increasing production at its Church’s footwear factory in Britain and expanding another Tuscan factory.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221095/texas-new-palo-pinto-mountains-state-park-new-year-hike
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback FORT WORTH — The Texas Parks and Wildlife Department will open the state’s newest state park, Palo Pinto Mountains State Park, to guests with reservations on New Year’s Day. “With the park nearly complete thanks to our hardworking staff and partners, this felt like the perfect way to start 2026 — exploring one of Texas’ newest state parks.” Other parks across the state will also hold hikes on New Year’s Day. The park has been in development since 2010, when TPWD asked the Texas Nature Conservancy, a nonprofit that helps preserve Texas land, to seek land for a new state park in North Texas. Two years later, the state bought the first parcel of land, totaling 3,300 acres using proceeds from the sale of state property on Eagle Mountain Lake north of Fort Worth. The city of Strawn later donated the rest of the land including the park’s centerpiece, 90-acre Tucker Lake, where visitors will be able to fish, paddle, and birdwatch in a quiet, motor-free setting. Disclosure: Texas Parks And Wildlife Department has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit, nonpartisan news organization that is funded in part by donations from members, foundations and corporate sponsors.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/jim-cramer-has-faith-in-danahers-turnaround-as-life-sciences-comes-back-to-life.html
Article: Connecting the dots to better times ahead for the struggling portfolio name, Jim Cramer thinks the industry turnaround is best illustrated by looking at Agilent Technologies ' recovery from a post-Covid rut. The bottom line is that "if Agilent's turning around, then I have to believe the arms dealers to the life science industry can keep making a comeback," Jim Cramer said on "Mad Money" on Monday evening. "That includes everybody from Danaher to Thermo Fisher , Revvity , and Waters ." He added, "They're all worth a closer look." It's been a tough few years for the industry since the pandemic boom, when demand for life science innovations surged. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/investigators-continue-search-for-suspects-motive-probe-gang-ties-in-deadly-stockton-shooting
Article: Though the city of Stockton has battled gangs and worked to quell violence in its streets before, a brazen and horrifying shooting at a toddler’s birthday party over the weekend that left four people dead, including three children, has left city leaders reeling like never before, officials say. “This is something no one will forget.” At least one gunman opened fire at the Saturday birthday party, wounding 11 people and killing three children who were 8, 9 and 14 years old. “We would have been celebrating her 9th birthday in just 2 weeks.” Fourteen-year-old Amari Peterson was also identified by his family in a GoFundMe page, where he was described as a “bright, loved, and promising young soul.” Advertisement “Amari was a football player, a basketball player, a brother, son, and cousin,” the page read. “He was making plans and looking into colleges.” California Inside the Stockton banquet hall where kids were slaughtered, parents return to a scene of horror In an act that left this gritty San Joaquin Valley city in a state of numb fear, a gunman or gunmen had crashed their child’s birthday party Saturday night. On Tuesday, San Joaquin County sheriff’s officials said they have not made any arrests or identified any suspects in the attack and are still investigating possible motives, including any possible links to gang members or two local rappers who were in attendance. “By releasing misinformation or assumptions, that can hinder our investigation.” Advertisement Brent confirmed two people who are associated with the rappers, and attended the party, were taken into custody by Stockton Police on Monday on suspicion of violating the terms of their parole, but said the arrests were not connected to the shooting. “I hope the people in our community make the right choice and contact law enforcement.” In a statement, Lee said he’s also met privately with parents and relatives of the victims. On Monday, Padilla said she visited the school where one of the young victims attended and instead of being greeted by students happy to see friends over the Thanksgiving break, saw children grieving their classmate. “Whatever their beef is, whatever retaliation, whatever feud — it should never involve children.” Padilla said sheriff officials and Stockton Police have also reached out to neighboring police agencies, looking for cooperation in helping curb any retaliatory violence that may come as a result of the shooting. Stockton Mayor Christina Fugazi described the shooting as an act of gang-related terrorism, and said she had reached out to the White House and asked the administration to dedicate a U.S. Stockton Councilmember Mario Enriquez on Monday evening said he had reached out to the city manager, and hopes the city could set up an emergency meeting to discuss what steps it might take, and what resources it needs to not just find those responsible for the deadly shooting, but curb violence in the city.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c058n10727po?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Cyclone catastrophe in Sri Lanka awakens volunteer spirit 17 minutes ago Share Save Ishara Danasekara , News Editor, BBC News Sinhala , BBC Sinhala and Koh Ewe Share Save Watch: Sri Lankan communities under water after catastrophic flooding Sri Lankan actor and musician GK Reginold rides a motorised fishing boat through Colombo's suburbs, hoping to bring food and water to those in desperate need. "And I was so happy that I was able to do that." BBC Sinhala Volunteers have been taking fishing boats out to rescue flood victims and deliver aid More than one million people have been affected by the disaster and President Anura Kumara Dissanayake has declared a state of emergency. Activists volunteer in community kitchen In Colombo's Wijerama neighbourhood, activists who protested against former president Gotabaya Rajapaksa in 2022 are now helping run a community kitchen that churns out food aid. Sasindu Sahan Tharaka At a community kitchen in Wijerama, volunteers prepare meals for flood-affected residents Mr Sahan also considers the kitchen as an "extension" of his volunteer work in 2016, when torrential rain and floods killed 250 people across the country.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cr7l8xygnm8o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: The talented youngster was also a keen cricketer - her dad Will played for Hampshire - but eventually had to choose between the sports just as she was breaking into Southampton's first-team squad. I went back and forth, but when the time came, I [realised] I enjoy football a bit more." Her idol growing up as a Chelsea fan was Frank Lampard - an England midfielder known for his goalscoring prowess - and Kendall has started out in a similar fashion. The second-tier club held on to her for as long as they could, but when her contract expired in the summer, Villa pounced to put her in the Women's Super League spotlight. "Things have gone so quickly so fast, but she just keeps up her levels and shows she is a good player - and that is impressive." Kendall certainly enjoyed herself at St Mary's, hitting the crossbar later in the first half and almost teeing up Villa team-mate Missy Bo Kearns for a goal, before Alessia Russo added a second with an injury-time penalty. Kendall scored 29 goals for the club in more than a decade of service and added: "Being at Southampton for so long, I played regular senior football from the age of 16 and that stood me in really good stead.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/lawsuit-alleges-usa-gymnastics-failed-to-protect-athelets-from-coachs-sexual-abuse
Article: IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — Two gymnasts who say they were sexually abused at an elite academy in Iowa filed lawsuits Monday against the sport’s oversight bodies, alleging they failed to stop Sean Gardner from preying on girls despite repeated complaints about the coach’s behavior. Center for SafeSport were told about “inappropriate and abusive behaviors” in December 2017, including that Gardner was hugging and kissing girls and engaging in other grooming behaviors while coaching at a Mississippi gym. READ MORE: Ex-coach at renowned gymnastics academy arrested by FBI years after abuse reports The organizations failed to properly investigate, revoke Gardner’s coaching credentials, report him to law enforcement or take other actions to protect athletes, the lawsuits allege. They claim the inaction enabled Gardner to get a job at Chow’s Gymnastics and Dance Institute in West Des Moines, Iowa, in 2018, where the gymnasts say they and other preteen and teenage girls were abused despite additional complaints about Gardner. Lawsuits are first filed since Gardner’s arrest The lawsuits, filed in Polk County, Iowa, are the first civil cases brought in an abuse scandal that came to light in a series of reports by The Associated Press after the FBI arrested Gardner in August. They allege USA Gymnastics and SafeSport, the watchdog created by Congress to investigate misconduct in Olympic sports in the aftermath of the Larry Nassar sexual abuse scandal, missed repeated opportunities to stop Gardner. “It illustrates in my view that the culture of money and medals over child safety is still alive and well in USA Gymnastics and the Olympic system,” said California attorney John Manly, who represented Nassar’s victims and is part of the legal team that filed the Iowa cases. “What he did was profoundly evil and they let him do it.” SafeSport said Monday it had not been served with the lawsuit and typically does not comment on litigation. It noted that its 2022 temporary suspension of Gardner came “upon receiving the first report of sexual misconduct” against him and was published in its online database of disciplinary action. Responding to questions in August about the original AP reporting, the center said it had been notified by USA Gymnastics that a gym where Gardner worked had resolved a 2018 case involving the coach that didn’t pertain to sexual misconduct. Gardner faces federal child pornography charges for allegedly placing a hidden camera in a bathroom at a gymnastics studio in Purvis, Mississippi, between December 2017 and April 2018 to record his students. Investigators say he created videos showing close-up images of at least 10 minors naked or undressing, which they recovered from his computers last year while investigating reports of sexual abuse. Plaintiffs in lawsuits are now college students The lawsuits allege the plaintiffs were 11- and 12-year-old trainees at Chow’s who dreamed of one day competing in the Olympics when they began training under Gardner in 2018. In addition to USA Gymnastics and SafeSport, the defendants named in the lawsuit are Qiao, the former Chinese gymnast who opened Chow’s in 1998 and coached Olympic gold medalists Shawn Johnson and Gabby Douglas; Qiao’s wife, Liwen Zhuan, a coach who helps run the gym; and their family corporations that own the business and the property on which it sits. The parents of a gymnast filed reports with USA Gymnastics and SafeSport in December 2017 alleging Gardner required girls to give him long hugs after every training in Mississippi and that he kicked one girl out who refused, the lawsuits claim. The lawsuits also allege Qiao and Zhuan failed to conduct an adequate background check before hiring Gardner and continued to employ him even after receiving complaints that he inappropriately touched girls while spotting them during exercises. The gym has said that Gardner passed a standard background check, and it fired Gardner after he was suspended by SafeSport in July 2022, even though “there had been no finding of misconduct at that time.” Pells reported from Denver.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/economy/starbucks-to-pay-35m-to-nyc-workers-in-settlement-as-ongoing-strike-draws-mamdani-and-sanders-to-picket-line
Article: NEW YORK (AP) — Starbucks will pay about $35 million to more than 15,000 New York City workers to settle claims it denied them stable schedules and arbitrarily cut their hours, city officials announced Monday, hours before Mayor-elect Zohran Mamdani and U.S. strike The workers want better hours and increased staffing, and they are angry that Starbucks hasn’t agreed on a contract nearly four years after workers voted to unionize at a Buffalo store. Workers and the company dispute the extent and impact of the strike, but Mamdani, Sanders and some state and city officials sought to amplify the baristas’ message by mingling with scores of strikers and supporters outside a Starbucks shop in Brooklyn. Starbucks spokesperson Jaci Anderson said the company was “ready to talk when the union is ready to return to negotiations.” While the union picketed, Starbucks “focused on continuing to offer the best job in retail,” where more than 1 million applicants seek jobs annually, Anderson said in a statement. “It is the company’s issue to give us the labor amount to schedule partners fairly, and they are not scheduling us fairly, no matter how much money we are making them,” said Gabriel Pierre, 26, a shift supervisor at a store in suburban Bellmore. Under the agreement announced Monday with New York City’s Department of Consumer and Worker Protection, Starbucks will pay $3.4 million in civil penalties, in addition to the $35 million it is paying workers. The company said it’s committed to operating responsibly and complying with all applicable local laws and regulations everywhere it does business, but Starbucks also noted the complexities of the city’s law. The city said the probe found, among other things, that most Starbucks employees never got regular schedules, making it difficult for staffers to plan other commitments, such as child care, education or other jobs.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221106/texas-historically-underutilized-business-program-hub-women-minorities
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback The state Comptroller’s office announced Tuesday it is removing women- and minority-owned businesses from the state program intended to give additional exposure to businesses owned by economically disadvantaged groups. The agency sent emails to HUB vendors that no longer qualify under the new rules on Tuesday, informing them that their certification has been revoked and their business will be removed from the HUB vendor directory. These emergency rules ensure Texas’ state contracting is free from gender or race discrimination and keep the program centered on those who earned this support through their service.” The Comptroller’s office had frozen new and renewed HUB certifications at the end of October, citing the need to review the program to ensure it complied with executive orders by both President Donald Trump and Gov. It is unclear what authority Hancock is relying on when changing the program, which was created by the state Legislature through a state law — revoking a state law typically requires either a court ruling or the Legislature repealing the law.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/stock-market-today-live-updates.html
Article: The major indexes ended higher across the board on Tuesday as tech stocks such as Nvidia rose and bitcoin gained, one day after the flagship cryptocurrency logged its worst day since March. To be sure, the S&P 500 and 30-stock Dow had, at one point during the session, traded in the red while the Nasdaq Composite stumbled along the flatline as choppy sentiment around the artificial intelligence trade continues. We're going to see more contribution from more beaten-down sectors, and we're starting to see some of the more short-cycle industrials and more beaten-down sectors starting to see better pricing power," said Wells Fargo chief equity strategist Ohsung Kwon said Tuesday on CNBC's "Power Lunch." "I don't think it's a bubble yet."

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/honduras-election-council-member-accuses-colleague-of-intimidation?traffic_source=rss
Article: In a social media post on Tuesday, Cossette Lopez-Osorio of the National Electoral Council (CNE) alleged that her fellow panel member, Marlon Ochoa, sought to delay a news conference through “intimidation”. “Councillor Marlon Ochoa opposed restarting the process and sent members of the LIBRE party, as well as members of his staff, to storm the Hotel Plaza Juan Carlos, engaging in acts of intimidation to prevent the public appearance.” The accusations escalate the already heated atmosphere surrounding Sunday’s race. Currently, two candidates are in a dead heat as votes continue to be counted: Salvador Nasralla of the centre-right Liberal Party and Nasry “Tito” Asfura of the right-wing National Party. Infighting on the council But even before the first ballots were cast in Sunday’s election, controversies had gripped the council, resulting in accusations of malpractice from all three leading parties. Each CNE councillor is selected by Honduras’s legislature to represent the three main political parties: the Liberal Party, the National Party and LIBRE, the party of outgoing President Xiomara Castro. But the president of the CNE, Liberal Party member Ana Paola Hall, rejected his demand, and legal experts have said there is no constitutional basis for the Honduran military to review the results. “The CNE has demanded that ASD SAS provide the fastest possible technical solution, so that all citizens have full and permanent access to the statistical data,” it read in part. “The two-party system imposed its electoral plot on us, following the trap revealed by the 26 audio recordings.” She added, “I declare that I will maintain my positions and that I will not surrender.” For her part, Lopez-Osorio also called on the electorate to be vigilant, ending her post about her colleague Ochoa with the message: Stay “alert, Honduran people”.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/2/barcelona-extend-lead-at-top-of-la-liga-with-3-1-win-over-atletico-madrid?traffic_source=rss
Article: Alex Baena fired Atletico ahead on Tuesday, but Raphinha equalised for the champions before Dani Olmo and Ferran Torres slotted home to end the visitors’ run of 13 straight league games without defeat. This was Barca’s fifth consecutive La Liga win after losing the El Clasico against Madrid in October, but they have not shone consistently in that period, and coming against a title rival, this display gave Flick’s side a welcome boost. After a 3-0 thrashing at Chelsea last week in the Champions League, followed by a shaky win over Alaves to claim pole position in La Liga, nerves were jangling at Camp Nou. Raphinha pulled an effort wide early in the second half, when he should have hit the target, and Giuliano Simeone could not get a clean shot away with the goal beckoning at the other end. Pedri, who was controlling the game for Barca, also went down hurt after 70 minutes, and Flick replaced him, with fans left hoping it was only a scare ahead of next week’s important Champions League match against Frankfurt. Atletico substitute Thiago Almada had his team’s best chance of equalising, but after bursting across the penalty area, he lost balance and screwed his finish wide as Joan Garcia scrambled. Oblak saved from Rashford in stoppage time, before Alejandro Balde found Torres to cap Barca’s win and claim his side three vital points in the title race while dealing Atletico’s own ambitions a blow.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5628412/michael-susan-dell-trump-account-children-investment-saving
Article: Michael and Susan Dell commit $6.25 billion for investment accounts for kids toggle caption Frank Franklin II/AP Michael and Susan Dell will donate $6.25 billion to fund investment accounts for 25 million U.S. "And we know that when children have accounts like this, even with modest sums, they have better outcomes in life." Sponsor Message Michael Dell is the CEO of Dell Technologies. Dell told NPR they're trying to reach kids who need the money the most, which is why the gift targets recipients who live in ZIP codes where the median income is less than $150,000. Parents need to create "Trump Accounts" to receive the gift As part of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act signed into law this past summer, every American baby born from this year through 2028 is in line to automatically receive a Trump Account funded with $1,000 from the U.S. Susan Dell encouraged parents to "mark their calendars for July 4, 2026, which is when they could claim the accounts for their children." Sponsor Message How Trump Accounts work Money in Trump Accounts would grow over time, using contributions to invest in low-cost stock funds that track market indexes. A recent update from Charles Schwab stated, "At this time, it isn't clear who will open the account or where it will be held." The investment bank recommends families consult a tax or financial adviser if they're interested in the plan.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/cramer-openai-code-red-gemini-google-funding.html
Article: If OpenAI's internal drama were a Netflix series, CNBC's Jim Cramer says, it would be a binge-worthy mix of tension, comedy and cliffhangers — and Wall Street would be glued to every episode. On Tuesday, Cramer seized on reporting that CEO Sam Altman recently declared a "code red" inside the company that suggests OpenAI fears Google's Gemini 3 may be catching up fast in user traction. "Gemini 3 is easy to find and easy to trust," Cramer said What rattles investors, he said, is the sense this market could become winner take all, loser take none if November usage data shows Gemini overtaking ChatGPT. The quickest fix Cramer said would be to settle its lawsuit with The New York Times and reduce legal costs or persuade Microsoft to take an even larger stake and shore up the balance sheet.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/2/no-compromise-territory-ukraine-talks-us-kremlin?traffic_source=rss
Article: “No compromise” was reached on the crucial issue of control of Ukrainian territory to end Moscow’s war, a Russian official has said, after talks between senior US officials and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. US President Donald Trump’s special envoy, Steve Witkoff, and son-in-law Jared Kushner met Putin in the Russian capital on Tuesday, as the United States seeks to broker an end to the deadliest war in Europe since the Second World War. The US delegation had travelled to the Russian capital to discuss a peace plan, which Washington has updated since its earlier leaked 28-point draft was strongly criticised by Ukraine and its allies for favouring Russia. “We can clearly see that all these changes are aimed at only one thing: to block the entire peace process altogether, to make such demands which are absolutely unacceptable to Russia.” Advertisement The 73-year-old also said that Russia would increase attacks on Ukrainian ports and vessels, as well as tankers that support Kyiv, following attacks on ships carrying Russian oil off the coast of Turkiye. In the earlier leaked US peace proposal, Russian demands included a cap on the size of the Ukrainian army, control over the whole of the Donbas and recognition of Moscow’s presence in the Ukrainian regions of Zaporizhia and Kherson.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/los-angeles-zoo-baby-boom-infant-gorilla-chimpanzees-orangutan
Article: The Los Angeles Zoo welcomed the birth of a baby gorilla, the fifth and latest addition in a recent baby boom of adorable great apes that included three chimpanzees and one orangutan. (Los Angeles Zoo) The newborn primates are classified as endangered or critically endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature because of dangers the animals face in the wild, including poaching, habitat loss and degradation, as well as disease. “Seeing the new offspring around the Zoo will hopefully deepen these connections and foster a conservation mindset for our guests to care more about these critically endangered species,” said Misha Body, a deputy director at the zoo, in a news release. Zoo officials say the infants will play a beneficial role in the well-being and dynamics of the entire chimpanzee troop, which is one of the largest of any zoo in the country with 17 individuals. of Zoos and Aquariums, which creates specialized plans to determine which animals to prioritize for breeding and which individuals to pair together based on their genetics and other factors to ensure genetic diversity and sustainability of the population.

Link: https://abc7.com/post/taylor-swifts-most-thrilling-chapter-is-documented-new-eras-concert-film-docu-series/18240790/
Article: "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour | The Final Show" will stream on Disney+ December 12, along with a new docu-series, "The End of an Era." 'Tis the season for Taylor Swift gifts! "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour | The Final Show" will stream on Disney+ December 12, along with a new docu-series, "The End of an Era." 'Tis the season to be a Swiftie! Disney+ will also release "The End of An Era." It's a six-episode docuseries that takes you behind-the-scenes of "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour." It features Taylor's betrothed, Travis Kelce, along with Gracie Abrams, Sabrina Carpenter, Ed Sheeran, and Florence Welch, as well as Taylor's crew, dancers and family members.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cy7vdvl2531o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'Carspreading' is on the rise - and not everyone is happy about it 39 minutes ago Share Save Theo Leggett International Business Correspondent Share Save BBC Critics call it "carspreading". Over the past 20 years, the city authorities have been trying to tackle the problem, by introducing low-traffic and low-emission zones, by promoting public transport and cycling – and most recently by clamping down on big cars. In October 2024 on-street parking charges for visiting "heavy" vehicles were trebled following a public vote, taking them from €6 to €18 for a one-hour stay in the centre, and from €75 to €225 for six hours. The Labour-controlled authority said, "These heavier vehicles typically produce more emissions, cause greater wear and tear on roads, and critically pose a significantly higher risk in the event of a road traffic collision." To begin with, the higher charges will only apply to a small minority of vehicle models, but Cardiff plans to lower the weight threshold over time. Matt Mansell, a father of three based in Guildford, runs a technology company, as well as a property development business, and says he needs his Land Rover Defender 110 for ferrying around clients and children. "It's very much a utility vehicle, but it's presentable." 'Chelsea tractors': Rise of the SUV There is no question cars in the UK and Europe have been getting bigger over the years. Since 2018, the average width of new models on sale here has risen from 182cm to 187.5cm, according to data from Thatcham Research – an organisation that evaluates new cars on behalf of the insurance industry. But figures published by T&E, a green transport campaign group, suggest that by the first half of 2023, more than half of the 100 top-selling cars in the UK were fractionally wider than this. Then there is the rocketing popularity of Sports Utility Vehicles, or SUVs, cars that are at least loosely based on off-road vehicles, although in many cases the resemblance is cosmetic, and they lack genuine off-road features such as four-wheel drive. "Everyone I've spoken to over the years who has bought an SUV says they like being higher up, they like better visibility, and they feel safer on motorways and bigger roads. "It's often better for people with kids to get them in and out of the car with that extra height; and also, for people who are less mobile, it's much easier to get in and out of an SUV than a lower hatchback or saloon." Lucia Barbato: 'On a Monday morning with three boys, three school bags, three sports kits, and a trumpet thrown in the boot, there isn't even room in the car for the dog!' Lucia Barbato, from West Sussex, says her second-hand Lexus RX450 SUV - a hybrid model - is vital for transporting her large family in an area with limited public transport. "On a Monday morning with three boys, three school bags, three sports kits, and a trumpet thrown in the boot there isn't even room in the car for the dog!" Bigger cars, bigger profit margins? Getty Images and Bloomberg via Getty Images Porsche is famous for its sports cars but the Cayenne and the Macan crossover are its bestselling models "Profit margins are generally much higher on larger cars with higher price points. This is largely due to the laws of economics in manufacturing." There are, he points out, fundamental costs involved in building any car - for example operating a factory, design work, and the price of the main components. "For some models, the main differences are limited to factors such as body style, suspension and seating position, allowing them to command an SUV premium price, without comparable cost increases", he says. "If we look back to the early 2000s… safety programmes like Euro NCAP were just starting to deliver the safety message to consumers, smaller vehicles weren't really able to absorb the energy of a crash very well at all," says Alex Thompson, principal safety engineer at Thatcham Research. "As safety measures have improved, a certain amount of weight had to be added on to vehicles to strengthen up safety compartments because they weren't that strong back then." "Manufacturers have had to do things like improve structural crash protection, and fit more airbags," agrees David Leggett. "At the same time, they want to improve interior cabin space and put more features into vehicles, so the net result is rising pressure for bigger vehicle dimensions." Yet while bigger cars may be safer for their occupants, critics insist they are considerably less safe for other road users. "Whether you're in another car [or] a pedestrian, you're more likely to be seriously injured if there's a collision with one of these vehicles," argues Tim Dexter, vehicles policy manager at T&E. Research carried out in 2023 by Belgium's Vias Institute, which aims to improve road safety, suggested that a 10cm increase in the height of a car bonnet could increase the risk of vulnerable road users being killed in a collision by 27%. Alex Thompson believes that taller, higher cars are more likely to harm pedestrians and cyclists, although he emphasises that vehicle design in recent years has "really prioritised" protecting vulnerable road users. In Pictures via Getty Images Images David Leggett believes people could potentially be encouraged to buy smaller vehicles As for the environmental impact, the International Energy Agency has said: "Despite advances in fuel efficiency and electrification, the trend toward heavier and less efficient vehicles such as SUVs, which emit roughly 20% more emissions than an average medium-sized car, has largely nullified the improvements in energy consumption and emissions achieved elsewhere in the world's passenger car fleet in recent decades." The move towards electric vehicles should at least mitigate emissions from daily use significantly over time, although if the electricity they use is generated from fossil sources such as gas, bigger cars may well still pollute more per vehicle than smaller ones. Its chief executive, Mike Hawes, has previously said that overall the carbon dioxide emissions of new SUVs have more than halved since 2000, "helping the segment lead the decarbonisation of UK road mobility". While it only applies to a relatively small proportion of current models – and electric vehicles are excluded – it can add up to €70,000 to the cost of buying a new car. According to Tim Dexter, "At the moment the UK is a tax haven for these large vehicles… We know the impact they are having on the road, on communities, potentially on individuals. Bloomberg via Getty Images Several relatively low-priced small EVs have recently come on to the market, including BYD's Dolphin Surf However, several relatively low-priced small EVs have recently come on to the market, including BYD's Dolphin Surf, Leapmotor International's T03, Hyundai's Inster and the new Renault 5.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cev8dw00enxo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 'No justice' over Hillsborough and 'Holly's guilt over crash' 22 minutes ago Share Save Share Save "No justice" exclaims the Daily Mirror after a report into the 1989 Hillsborough disaster was published, which it says leaves "police shame". The Mirror is also among several papers to feature a photo of television presenter Holly Willoughby on its front page after she pleaded guilty to "driving without care" and was fined £1,653. Also on the front page, the Guardian reports Vladimir Putin made "hard-edged remarks" before meeting US officials for talks over the Ukraine war by saying that "Russia does not intend to fight Europe, but if Europe starts, we are ready right now". It reports senior figures at the Office for Budget Responsibility said Treasury permanent secretary James Bowler - the department's top civil servant - approved the publication of a letter showing the chancellor knew "the financial hole was smaller than previously thought". The paper reports the TV presenter collided with man on a scooter near her home in London, who was knocked to the ground and sustained a fracture to his neck. For the Sun, it is the "great game robbery" as it says tickets at the World Cup in the US, Canada and Mexico next year will be "the most expensive ever seen".

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cq5qwxq7eq1o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: City led 5-1 early in the second half after a 100th Premier League goal for Erling Haaland, a Phil Foden double, one from Tijjani Reijnders, and Sander Berge's own goal. But Fulham, led by substitute Samuel Chukwueze, hit back with three unanswered goals and even had one effort cleared off the line in stoppage time as they came close to completing one of the great comebacks. "That's why we love the game." The powerful Norwegian's feat of reaching 100 goals in 111 Premier League games is the fastest the century has been achieved in the competition, and he weighed in with two assists too. "It only happens in this league." By holding on, the win put City two points behind leaders Arsenal, although they knew that gap would increase to five again if Mikel Arteta's side were to win their game in hand against Brentford on Wednesday.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/ckg9rk7el99o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Tottenham Hotspur boss Thomas Frank says it was an "absolute mistake" for the video assistant referee (VAR) to intervene and award Newcastle a penalty as his side earned a point in dramatic fashion at St James' Park. It looked like a tussle between the two players in the box as they both fell to the ground and, despite the official not giving the penalty initially, the Spurs midfielder was punished after the review. "I think the referee's call on the pitch, he nailed it, and VAR can only be if it's clear and obvious." Newcastle boss Eddie Howe added: "I hadn't seen it, I'm only seeing it now.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cgqzvw9440do?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Spurs have suffered some painful defeats at St James' Park in recent years and it felt as though this was the latest after Anthony Gordon put Newcastle United back in front late on. "Tottenham Hotspur – it's happening again!" But there would be a very different sense of deja vu inside the stadium at full-time after Spurs captain Cristian Romero scored a dramatic 95th-minute overhead kick. Football is never so simple, of course, but Newcastle would be a lot higher than 13th place in the table had they managed to get over the line after taking the lead against Spurs - let alone against Brentford, West Ham and Arsenal. Remarkably, Newcastle would be top if they had they seen out those four games - instead they sit 11 points behind leaders Arsenal, who they gave up three points to.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/witkoff-and-kushner-meet-with-putin-for-latest-talks-to-end-russias-war-with-ukraine
Article: Geoff Bennett: Well, let's shift our focus now to Ukraine and the scene at the Kremlin today, where it was apparently all smiles as special envoy Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law, met with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Tonight, one Putin aide there is no compromise over Ukraine yet, this aide saying there are some American developments that are acceptable, some that are not suitable, and peace — quote — "is no closer, but no further away." Look, Ukrainian and U.S. is still pushing one of the most difficult items for Ukraine, and that is giving up parts of the Donetsk province in Eastern Ukraine — you see it flashing there — that Ukraine still holds and Russia has failed to capture despite 11 years of war.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/from-hell-to-heaven-american-describes-teen-sons-release-from-israeli-jail
Article: Geoff Bennett: The day before Thanksgiving was the real celebration for an American family living in the occupied West Bank; 16-year-old Mohammed Ibrahim was released from nearly 10 months in an Israeli prison, arrested in February in the dead of night at his family home for allegedly throwing stones at Israeli vehicles. Back with his family in the occupied West Bank, he sat down with his father, Zaher Ibrahim, to speak to the "News Hour." So, Mohammed, I have to start with you because a lot of people have been waiting to hear from you. You're back safe with your family." Amna Nawaz: Mohammed was just 15 years old when he was arrested in February from his family home in the middle of the night, charged with throwing objects at Israeli vehicles. Amna Nawaz: Back home, he is surrounded by family, showering him with love and plying him with home-cooked meals after the teen lost significant weight over the last several months. And just moments after he was freed, Mohammed learned his cousin, 19-year-old Palestinian-American Saifullah Musallet, had been beaten to death by Israeli settlers in July while Mohammed was in prison.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/camp-mystic-announces-enhanced-safety-plans-after-death-128056725
Article: The owners of Camp Mystic in Texas have announced new safety upgrades following a tragic July 4 flood that killed 25 campers and two counselors FILE - Debris covers the area of Camp Mystic in Hunt, Texas, July 7, 2025, after a flash flood swept through the area. (AP Photo/Eli Hartman, File) The owners of an all-girls summer camp in the Texas Hill Country, where 25 campers and two teenage counselors died in catastrophic July 4 flooding, announced plans on Tuesday for new safety upgrades that will be in place when a portion of the camp opens next summer. “We are preparing for next summer at Camp Mystic Cypress Lake and we know that safety is of the utmost concern to all of you, as it is for us,” the Eastland family wrote in the letter to parents of Camp Mystic campers. “We thank the Heaven’s 27 families and our state leaders for passing legislation to help make camps safer, and it is our goal not only to be in compliance with the new camp safety laws, but to exceed their requirements.” The children and counselors who died have become known as “Heaven’s 27.” Camp Mystic’s owners include the wife and other family members of Dick Eastland, who also died in the flooding. “For many of your daughters, this return is not simple, but it is a courageous step in their healing journey.” The Eastland family announced in September that it planned to build a memorial for the girls who died in the flooding and to reopen Camp Mystic Cypress Lake, a separate property that is not adjacent to the Guadalupe River and that sustained no damage in the July 4 floods. “To promote reopening less than three months after the tragedy — while one camper remains missing — is unthinkable,” CiCi and Will Steward, whose 8-year-old daughter Cile Steward died in the floods and whose body still has not been recovered, wrote to Camp Mystic officials when their reopening plan was first announced. The families of several of the girls who died in the floods have sued Camp Mystic and the Eastlands in state court, alleging camp operators failed to take necessary steps to protect the campers as life-threatening floodwaters approached.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/southern-california-man-gets-unwanted-housemate-black-bear-128020297
Article: A bear in Southern California has taken up residence in the crawlspace under a man's home LOS ANGELES -- Ken Johnson, 63, just got a new roommate last week — a black bear living in the crawl space under his home in Southern California. “It's really unnerving because I don't know if he's going to tear everything up under there, I don't know how to get him out." Johnson lives in Altadena, an unincorporated community northeast of Los Angeles that was devastated by the Eaton Fire in January. The fire killed at least 19 people and scorched thousands of structures, but it also tore through the Angeles National Forest, displacing wildlife from their natural habitats and destroying their food supply. State officials removed a massive, 525-pound (240-kilogram) adult male bear from a crawl space under a man's home in January because utility crews could not get in to restore his power. The bear was too large to be tranquilized, so employees from the California Department of Fish and Wildlife set a bear trap before taking it to the Angeles National Forest to be released with a tracking collar, the state agency wrote on social media. In February, another homeowner found himself with an unwelcome roommate, snapping pictures of a bear lounging by the pool and bringing food back to the crawl space at night, the Los Angeles Times reported. “In the foothills of bear country, it’s important to close crawl spaces with bear-proof material in advance of winter months to discourage bears from denning and damaging property,” the CDFW wrote on social media after that incident. While it's not cold enough in Southern California for bears to hibernate, they will engage in a behavior called “denning,” where they take long naps but may emerge periodically to eat. He can hear “all kinds of clunking and booming” under the floorboards, and the bear rummaged through his trash cans on Sunday evening before retreating back to its chosen home. CDFW spokesperson Cort Klopping said Monday afternoon that field experts were working on two other bear incidents in the region and would hopefully be able to respond to Johnson “soon.” He confirmed that the yellow tag on the bear's ear indicated it was the state agency's jurisdiction and not federal.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/chinas-plan-mega-embassy-london-faces-delay-128045020
Article: “The Home Office and Foreign Office have provided views on particular security implications, and have been clear throughout that a decision shouldn’t be taken until we affirm that those considerations have been completed or resolved," Tom Wells, a spokesperson for Prime Minister Keir Starmer told reporters. Former parliamentary researcher Christopher Cash and academic Christopher Berry were charged last year with spying for Beijing, but prosecutors dropped the charges at the last minute, blaming officials for refusing to testify that China was a threat to national security at the time of the alleged offenses, between 2021 and 2023. If approved, the proposed embassy at Royal Mint Court — the former site of the U.K.’s coin maker, near the Tower of London — will be the largest embassy in Europe, covering 20,000 square meters.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/nato-chief-dismisses-concerns-us-commitment-alliance-ahead-128040817
Article: NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte brushed off fresh concern about the United States’ commitment to the military organization on the eve of a meeting of allied foreign ministers focused on Russia’s war against Ukraine NATO chief dismisses concerns about US commitment to the alliance ahead of Ukraine meeting BRUSSELS -- NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte brushed off fresh concern Tuesday about the United States’ commitment to the military organization on the eve of a meeting of allied foreign ministers focused on Russia’s war against Ukraine. At a pivotal moment in NATO’s history, European allies see Russia’s invasion as an existential threat, and senior officials have warned that Russian President Vladimir Putin might launch another attack on Europe in three to five years should he prevail in Ukraine. insists that its allies must take care of security in their own backyard, and doubts about America’s NATO leadership and the alliance’s unity undermine the organization’s ability to deter an adversary such as Putin. “So I totally accept him not being able to be here tomorrow, and I would not read anything in it.” A senior State Department official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss the internal administration reasoning for the absence, said Rubio has already attended dozens of meetings with NATO allies, "and it would be completely impractical to expect him at every meeting.” Deputy Secretary of State Christopher Landau will attend instead and press the allies to deliver on their commitment to invest 5% of gross domestic product on defense. The administration’s draft plan to end the war suggested that NATO would not expand further — a longtime Russian demand — and that Ukraine would not be admitted, breaking with a yearslong promise to Kyiv that it has a place at the organization’s table. And that obviously will include NATO." Despite the proposal to rule out Ukrainian membership, the former Dutch prime minister insisted that the country remains on an “irreversible path” to join the world’s biggest security organization, as NATO leaders pledged in Washington in 2024. He described the other NATO leaders as a “nice group of people” and said that “almost every one of them said ‘Thank God for the United States.’” But several of his remarks since then seem to place the United States outside the organization it has long led. “We’re selling a lot of weapons to NATO, and that’s going, I guess, to Ukraine for the most part,” Trump said at a White House meeting with Finnish President Alexander Stubb in October. Romania announced in October that the United States would reduce its military presence in the country by up to 3,000 troops as it focuses on security threats in Asia and elsewhere.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/2-former-south-african-apartheid-police-officers-convicted-128037634
Article: Two former apartheid-era police officers in South Africa have been found guilty of murder in the 1987 killing of activist and student leader Caiphus Nyoka CAPE TOWN, South Africa -- Two former apartheid-era police officers in South Africa were found guilty of murder Tuesday in the 1987 killing of activist and student leader Caiphus Nyoka. Nyoka's fatal shooting at his family home near Johannesburg during the period of white minority rule was one of many alleged abuses by apartheid police that went unpunished for decades. Johan Marais, who was a member of a special police unit called the Reaction Unit, pleaded guilty to murder in Nyoka's killing and was sentenced to 15 years in prison in July. Nyoka, a local anti-apartheid activist, was shot at least 12 times when officers from the notorious Reaction Unit and Special Branch unit stormed his family home in the predawn hours, according to a 1988 pathology report and court records. Nyoka's case was reexamined in 1997 by South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission, an inquiry set up after white minority rule ended in 1994 to expose apartheid-era abuses and give perpetrators the chance to confess and apply for amnesty in an effort at reconciliation. A new inquest into the 1967 death of Albert Luthuli, the then-leader of the African National Congress anti-apartheid movement, ruled in October that he was beaten to death, likely by security police, and rejected a finding by an apartheid-era inquest that he died as a result of being hit by a freight train. Authorities have also said they will hold a new investigation into the 1977 death in police custody of iconic anti-apartheid figure Steve Biko, whose killing sparked a renewed global outcry against South Africa's brutal system of forced segregation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/iran-sentences-acclaimed-director-jafar-panahi-absentia-year-128029104
Article: Iran has sentenced acclaimed director Jafar Panahi to a year in prison and imposed a two-year travel ban on charges of “propaganda activities against the system," according to his lawyer Jafar Panahi poses with the awards for best international feature, best original screenplay and best director at The Gotham Film Awards at Cipriani Wall Street on Monday, Dec. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) Jafar Panahi poses with the awards for best international feature, best original screenplay and best director at The Gotham Film Awards at Cipriani Wall Street on Monday, Dec. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP) CAIRO -- Iran has sentenced acclaimed director Jafar Panahi to a year in prison in absentia, even as he received new awards for his latest movie. The Tehran court also imposed a two-year ban on Panahi leaving Iran after convicting him on charges of “propaganda activities against the system,” his lawyer Mostafa Nili said in a post on X. Word of the sentence came as Panahi was in New York City on Monday evening, receiving three awards at the annual Gotham Awards for his movie “It Was Just an Accident,” which also received the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in September. Panahi is among the most celebrated of contemporary Iranian directors and has continued making movies despite repeatedly being imprisoned, banned from traveling and put under house arrest by Iranian authorities over the past 20 years.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/belgian-police-make-3-arrests-after-raids-college-128030972
Article: Belgian police have arrested three people during a fraud investigation involving the European Union People walk near the entrance of the European External Action Service in the European Quarter of Brussels, Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Mark Carlson) BRUSSELS -- Authorities in Belgium arrested three people on Tuesday after raiding the offices of the European Union's diplomatic service in Brussels and a college in Bruges as part of a fraud investigation, the European Public Prosecutor's Office (EPPO) said in a statement. Police searched the properties of suspects, several buildings of the College of Europe in Bruges, and at the headquarters of the European External Action Service that sits at the center of the 27-nation bloc's institutions in Brussels. The EPPO, an independent public organization of the EU, said it had “strong suspicions” of fraud in awarding a tender for running a 2021 to 2022 training program at the EU Diplomatic Academy for junior diplomats.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/abdul-carter-benched-sideshow-giants-lost-season-128043904
Article: Abdul Carter was benched for the start of a second New York Giants game in three weeks in what interim coach Mike Kafka repeatedly only called his decision New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye, right, runs for a first down against New York Giants linebacker Abdul Carter, left, during the second half of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye, right, runs for a first down against New York Giants linebacker Abdul Carter, left, during the second half of an NFL football game Monday, Dec. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Abdul Carter was benched for the start of a second game in three weeks since Mike Kafka took over as the New York Giants' interim coach, and the No. After the Giants lost 33-15 at New England on Monday night, their seventh consecutive defeat to fall to 2-11 going into their bye week, Kafka repeatedly only called it his decision. When asked if it was a disciplinary reason, Kafka said, “No, it was just my decision not to play him.” “That was a coach’s decision — my decision,” Kafka said. “Based on how we went during the week, just that was the decision I wanted to make." Carter acknowledged missing a walk-through caused him to miss the Packers' first drive on Nov. Jaxson Dart taking big hits in his return from a concussion made the quarterback’s willingness to run and absorb contact for an extra yard or 2 an even bigger topic of conversation. The ball was moving when I was driving to it, so I just pulled up on it.” Signed to the practice squad after getting released by Atlanta, Koo had won the starting job after Graham Gano was injured and Jude McAtamney struggled. The Commanders coming off a trip to the NFC championship game have had just about everything go wrong, and they're now jockeying for draft position with the Giants instead of contending for a playoff spot.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/tiger-woods-dealing-uncertain-times-golf-ryder-cup-128047179
Article: Tiger Woods dealing with uncertain times with his golf, the Ryder Cup and reshaping the PGA Tour FILE - Tiger Woods, of the United States, walks to the 18th green during the second round of the British Open Golf Championships at Royal Troon golf club in Troon, Scotland, July 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Scott Heppell, File) FILE - Tiger Woods, of the United States, walks to the 18th green during the second round of the British Open Golf Championships at Royal Troon golf club in Troon, Scotland, July 19, 2024. Once I get a feel for practicing, exploding, playing, the recovery process, then I can assess where I'm going to play and how much I'll play.” As for the Ryder Cup, he turned down the captaincy for this year and was thought to be the logical choice for Adare Manor in Ireland in 2027. What's consuming his time is the one area that doesn't involve birdies and bogeys, and it might be far more important than whether he tees it up at the Masters or joins the 50-and-older circuit on the PGA Tour Champions a few times next year. “But I think that in the end, we're going to have a product that is far better than what we have now for everyone involved.” The three principles driving Rolapp's vision are parity, simplicity and scarcity. It's the scarcity that has so many players nervous — fewer tournaments, shorter fields, slimmer odds for players who can't just show up and expect to contend the way Woods once did, and the way Scottie Scheffler does now. So there’s a scarcity side of it that’s not as scary as people might think.” Rolapp also soothed some concerns about a star-driven tour when he said on the CNBC “CEO Council Forum” last week, "Every sport has stars. His legacy will be 82 titles on the PGA Tour, his 15 majors, the only player to hold all four major championships at the same time, the player who went more than seven years without missing a cut. This will be the first year without competing in a PGA Tour-sanctioned tournament since he made his debut in 1992 at age 16 in the Los Angeles Open (he played the PNC Championship in 2021 after missing the entire season after his car crash in Los Angeles). So when he was asked why he wanted to stage yet another comeback, Woods smiled and replied, “Come back to what point?” “I'd like to come back to just playing golf again,” Woods said. He thought back to his roots in public golf, to that first PGA Tour tee shot at Riviera at age 16, to winning the Masters at 21 and reaching No. Now I am able to make an impact in a different way for generations to come — not just generations that I played against, but for future generations like a 16-year-old looking for a place to play and maybe in hopes of playing the PGA Tour.” At the moment, that's his biggest challenge.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/san-franciscos-beloved-albino-alligator-claude-dies-30-128057373
Article: A beloved albino alligator named Claude at the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco has died at age 30 Claude, an albino alligator, is shown at the California Academy of Sciences, in San Francisco, Thursday, April 24, 2025. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) SAN FRANCISCO -- A rare albino alligator named Claude who was beloved by fans around the world died Tuesday, according to the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco. The science museum in Golden Gate Park is popular with Bay Area school children and international tourists, and many kids over the years have ended their visits clutching a mini Claude stuffed animal to take home. The museum will hold a public memorial for Claude but for now, people can share memories of Claude and send messages to his human care team at the California Academy of Sciences.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/renowned-astronomers-push-protect-chiles-cherished-night-sky-128057860
Article: Chile’s Atacama Desert is one of the darkest spots on Earth, a crown jewel for astronomers who flock to study the origins of the universe in this inhospitable desert along the Pacific coast FILE - Radio antennas are spread out on the terrain as part of one of the world's largest astronomy projects, the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chajnator in the Atacama desert in northern Chile, Sept. (AP Photo/Jorge Saenz, File) FILE - Radio antennas are spread out on the terrain as part of one of the world's largest astronomy projects, the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chajnator in the Atacama desert in northern Chile, Sept. (AP Photo/Jorge Saenz, File) SANTIAGO, Chile -- Chile’s Atacama Desert is one of the darkest spots on Earth, a crown jewel for astronomers who flock to study the origins of the universe in this inhospitable desert along the Pacific coast. A rare confluence of factors makes the Atacama an ideal home for some of the world’s biggest ground-based astronomical projects — dry climate, high altitude and, crucially, isolation from the light pollution of civilization. A private company is pressing ahead with plans to construct a giant renewable energy complex in sight of one of Earth’s most productive astronomical facilities — the Paranal Observatory, operated by an international consortium known as the European Southern Observatory, or ESO. In the letter, 30 renowned international astronomers, including Reinhard Genzel, a 2020 Nobel laureate in astrophysics who conducted much of his prize-winning research on black holes with the ESO-operated telescopes in the Atacama Desert, describe the project as “an imminent threat” to humanity's ability to study the cosmos, and unlock more of its unknowns. “The damage would extend beyond Chile’s borders, affecting a worldwide scientific community that relies on observations made at Paranal to study everything from the formation of planets to the early universe,” the letter reads. “We are convinced that economic development and scientific progress can and must coexist to the benefit of all people in Chile, but not at the irreversible expense of one of Earth’s unique and irreplaceable windows to the universe.” The scientists join a chorus of voices that have been urging the Chilean government to relocate the hydrogen-based fuel production plant since the plan was unveiled a year ago by AES Andes, an offshoot of the American-based multinational AES Corp. All of that — just 3 kilometers (1.9 miles) from the Paranal Observatory’s high-powered telescopes — will mess the view of key astronomical targets and could obstruct scientific advances, experts say. They are very stable, and even the smallest artificial turbulence would destroy these characteristics,” said Andreas Kaufer, the director of operations at ESO, which assesses that the AES project would increase light pollution by 35%. And, since we have the biggest and most sensitive telescopes at the best spot in the world, if they're lost for us, they're lost for everyone." Although this controversy might be specific to Chile, home to 40% of the world’s astronomy infrastructure, the project reflects the wider tension between natural darkness and industrialization tearing at countless countries as light pollution makes the night sky about 10% brighter each year. “Major observatories have been chased out to remote locations, and essentially now they’re chased out to some of the last remaining dark sky locations on Earth, like the Atacama Desert, the mountain peaks of Hawaii, areas around Tucson, Arizona,” said Ruskin Hartley, the executive director of DarkSky International, a Tuscon-based nonprofit founded by astronomers.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/west-virginia-bans-religious-reasons-school-vaccine-exemptions-128057752
Article: -- The West Virginia Board of Education on Tuesday reinstated a school vaccination mandate after the state Supreme Court paused a lower court's ruling that allowed parents to cite religious beliefs to opt out of shots required for their children to attend classes. In issuing an injunction, Froble said children of families who objected to the state’s compulsory vaccination law on religious grounds would be allowed to attend school and participate in extracurricular sports. This directive will be in effect until the Supreme Court issues further guidance.” The board further said its priority is to ensure compliance with the vaccine law “and safeguard the health and well-being of all students across West Virginia.” The board had suspended the vaccine mandate last week after Froble's ruling, which said that a state policy barring parents from seeking religious exemptions violated the Equal Protection for Religion Act signed into law in 2023 by then-Republican Gov. The laws are modeled after the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act, signed in 1993 by then-President Bill Clinton, which allows federal regulations that interfere with religious beliefs to be challenged.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/australia-q3-gdp-september.html
Article: The country's GDP expanded 2.1% year on year, marking its strongest expansion since the third quarter of 2023 when the economy expanded at the same rate, data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed on Wednesday. At the monetary policy meeting last month, the central bank kept its interest rate unchanged at 3.6%, saying it was cautious about easing further, given a strengthening economy, tight labor market and persistent inflationary pressure. Bullock said last month that the current interest rate cutting cycle could be close to an end, with the central bank forecasting inflation to stay above its target range of 2% to 3% until the second half of next year.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/ilhan-omar-denounces-donald-trump-for-calling-somali-immigrants-garbage?traffic_source=rss
Article: “I hope he gets the help he desperately needs.” Trump has been ramping up his anti-immigration rhetoric in recent weeks, particularly after the deadly shooting of two National Guard troops in Washington, DC, last month. They complain, and from where they came from, they got nothing.” Trump said he does not know Omar “at all” but has watched her complain about the US for years. Advertisement While Somalis in the US suffer from higher unemployment and poverty rates, akin to other refugee groups, a 2021 Minnesota Chamber of Commerce Report highlighted the community’s contributions and a trend towards upward mobility. “Poverty levels have dropped, workforce participation has increased, median household income has ticked up and educational attainment has made marginal gains.” Trump has nevertheless taken a series of hardline steps in response to the National Guard shooting, including suspending all migration from the “third world” and ordering a review of the status of permanent residents from 19 countries. He repeatedly berated her and other immigrant politicians for “telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run”. During the Thanksgiving holiday last week, Trump sparked outcry when he called Minnesota Governor Tim Walz “seriously retarded” and accused him of doing nothing to confront Somali gangs allegedly “roving the streets”.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/trump-administration/trump-administration-threatens-withhold-snap-benefits-blue-states-immi-rcna247060
Article: The Trump administration indicated Tuesday that it will begin withholding SNAP benefits from recipients in most Democratic-led states starting next week after those states refused to provide the Agriculture Department with data including recipients’ names and immigration statuses. Agriculture Secretary Brooke Rollins said during a Cabinet meeting Tuesday that 29 Republican-led states have complied but that 21 states, including California, New York and Minnesota, have refused to provide the data, which was requested in February. Rollins has said her department requested the info to “root out … fraud.” “So as of next week, we have begun and will begin to stop moving federal funds into those states, until they comply and they tell us and allow us to partner with them to root out this fraud and to protect the American taxpayer,” Rollins said at the White House meeting. Kathy Hochul said on X: “Genuine question: Why is the Trump Administration so hellbent on people going hungry?” Minnesota Attorney General Keith Ellison called Rollins’ remarks a move to “punish ... political rivals.” “It’s nothing short of ridiculous that the Trump administration is once again trying to withhold SNAP funding over data sharing after a court clearly barred them from doing so,” Ellison said in a statement. The attorneys general argued that the demand was part of a campaign by the Trump administration to “amass Americans’ sensitive, personal data and misuse that data for unauthorized purposes,” citing agreements by the IRS and the Department of Health and Human Services to share data with U.S.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/la-city-council-police-less-lethal-launchers-ordinance
Article: The Los Angeles City Council voted against a proposal on Tuesday that would have prohibited police from using weapons that launch hard-foam projectiles and tear gas, amid lingering concerns about their deployment at protests last summer. Addressing his colleagues on Tuesday, ordinance backer Hugo Soto-Martinez said he felt extra restrictions were justified because Los Angeles Police Department officers seemed to be deploying the weapons in ways that violated state law, court orders and the department’s own policies. Advertisement Videos from the protests over the federal immigration crackdown that roiled the city last summer revealed “documented verified evidence of military equipment being used in ways that should make everyone on this body pause,” he said. He noted how on one day alone in early June, LAPD officers fired more than 1,000 foam projectiles — appearing to fire indiscriminately into crowds of protesters with weapons that are meant to target specific individuals. The defeated proposal sought to bar the LAPD’s use of two types of military weapons — tear gas and so-called 40-millimeter less-lethal launchers — at protests, but also for everyday patrols and other special events. LAPD Chief Jim McDonnell said he found it “amazing that we would be entertaining this,” pointing out that the 40-millimeter launchers are used by officers every day to defuse encounters with uncooperative and violent suspects. “To me this is incredibly uninformed public policy, to go down this road.” The meeting turned tense at times, particularly when Councilmember Eunisses Hernandez pressed McDonnell about his department’s response to the protests. McDonnell repeatedly interrupted to say that the hard-foam projectile launchers allow officers to avoid the use of more dangerous weapons, and invited Hernandez to become educated on the weapons firsthand before she voted. She also took exception to McDonnell calling the LAPD a “model” for other departments, pointing to the massive legal payouts that the city has had to cough up for police excessive force and other misconduct. Advertisement Critics say the term “less lethal” is misleading, since such weapons have resulted in deaths and millions of dollars in legal settlements to people who sued after they were seriously injured from being hit in the head or groin.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/early-voting-underway-runoff-election-houston-city-council-seat/18241963/
Article: Early voting underway for runoff election for Houston City Council seat HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- If it seems as if it's always election season, that's because it almost always is. Just 300 votes separated the top two candidates in November, and now both head to a runoff to fill the open seat that voters are already casting their ballots for. "Got my start organizing students for Barack Obama nationally and as a partner at Sussman Godfrey, have taken on some of the biggest companies in the world and held them to account. And I want to take all of those lessons from organizing and advocacy to help Houstonians, to make sure that all of us, no matter who we are or where we come from, deserve to live in a world-class city with world-class services, and that's what I want to fight for each and every day." And she said, as important as infrastructure, fixing broken water pipes, and public safety are to residents, so should be doing the little things. I think experience counts, and I think the record I proved as a district council member will only enhance our city going forward, citywide." Whoever wins will finish the two years left on Plummer's unfinished term. In the meantime, they have less than two weeks to get people out to the polls in the middle of the holiday season on a Saturday with little else on the ballot. "I'm so grateful to all of the Houstonians who voted for me the first time and know that I'm going to work incredibly hard to earn their vote in the runoff election," Salinas said.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cwyv0ex7v8ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Kremlin signals no breakthrough after Ukraine talks with US Earlier on Tuesday, Putin said changes proposed by Kyiv and Europe to a US-backed draft peace plan were unacceptable, adding if Europe "wants to go to war and starts one, we are ready right now". Five hours of talks between Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President Donald Trump's senior negotiator appear to have failed to produce a breakthrough on securing a Ukraine peace deal. Ukraine and its allies have been lobbying the US to amend its draft peace deal, which the White House has sought to secure rapid agreement on and the Kremlin has previously indicated it was receptive to. A lot of work lies ahead." Key disagreements between Moscow and Kyiv remain, including over Ukraine agreeing to cede territory it continues to control and security guarantees provided by Europe. His country, he said, "wasn't planning to go to war with Europe - but if Europe suddenly wants to go to war and starts one, we are ready right now". Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he expected to be briefed on the Kremlin talks by the US team after the meeting, though it was unclear whether Witkoff and Kushner would fly to Kyiv or other European capitals for further in-person negotiations. Speaking before the Kremlin talks took place, the Ukrainian leader said on Tuesday there was an opportunity to end the war "now more than ever", but that elements of the proposals still needed to be worked out. Zelensky said there were "no simple solutions", repeating his country's insistence that Kyiv take part in peace discussions, and that clear security guarantees be agreed, such as Nato membership - a move long opposed by Russia and ruled out by Trump. Ukrainian representatives have held two rounds of high-level talks on the draft plan in recent weeks, which have been attended by Witkoff, Kushner and US Secretary of State Marco Rubio. Putin - who believes Russia has the initiative on the battlefield - had appeared immovable on his demands as recently as last week, while Zelensky has repeatedly said he would never relinquish control of eastern Ukrainian regions.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cj9yepzl1rjo?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Government racks up £100m bill responding to Covid inquiry 2 hours ago Share Save Nick Triggle Health correspondent Share Save Getty Images The public inquiry into the Covid pandemic has cost the government more than £100m to respond to so far, the BBC has learnt. However, the TaxPayers' Alliance has branded it a waste of money and the Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice UK said while the work being done was vital, public inquiries generally needed to become more efficient and less adversarial. It has already cost £192m – a figure which is expected to rise past £200m by the time it is finished, making it one of the most expensive public inquiries in history. The bulk of this is thought to have been accrued by five key departments – the Cabinet Office, Home Office, Department of Health and Social Care, Treasury and UK Health Security Agency, which have been repeatedly asked to provide evidence. This most famously came to a head in 2023, when the inquiry and government ended up in the High Court over the government's refusal to release Boris Johnson's WhatsApp messages, diaries and notebooks. A Cabinet Office spokeswoman said: "The government is fully committed to supporting the work of the inquiry and to learning lessons from the pandemic to ensure the UK is better prepared for a future pandemic." The Cabinet Office argues the court case was brought to gain clarity on a point of principle - the right of an inquiry to request information that the provider considers irrelevant.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cp84kdzm83ko?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: MPs warn China spy trial failures could happen again 2 hours ago Share Save Sam Francis Political reporter Share Save PA Media Christopher Berry (left) and Christopher Cash (right) deny the charges against them Systemic failures that led to the collapse of a China spy trial could be repeated without major reforms, a committee of MPs has warned. A report by the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy said "shambolic" mismanagement led to prosecutors dropping charges against Chris Cash and Chris Berry, who were accused of passing sensitive material to a Chinese intelligence agent. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said the case collapsed after deputy national security adviser (DNSA) Matthew Collins refused to designate China an "enemy" at the time of the alleged offences. The legislation was brought in under the Tory government to lower the bar in espionage cases - from aiding an "enemy" to offences tied to foreign powers - and covers modern threats like cyber attacks. "The government must show the public that it is confident in standing up to adversaries when required: failing to do so will corrode public trust in our institutions." The report calls for the government to consider bringing in sweeping reforms within six months to prevent a repeat.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cpvd298wxvro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Reform politician's racist Chinese slur 'caused a lot of hurt' 4 hours ago Share Save Miriam Barker BBC Wales Share Save Getty Images Laura Anne Jones defected from the Conservatives to Reform UK over the summer A racist slur used by a Reform politician has "caused a lot of hurt", members of the Chinese community in Wales have said. Laura Anne Jones, the party's only Welsh Parliament member, returns to the Senedd chamber on Wednesday after she was banned for two weeks for using a racial slur to describe Chinese people in a WhatsApp chat in August 2023. The Chinese in Wales Association (CIWA) welcomed the action taken by the Senedd but said the term Jones used carried "deeply hurtful and racist connotations" and it was "deeply disappointing to hear such language from an elected representative". Speaking on 19 November, Jones said she and her staff had completed Senedd respect and conduct training and she had "actively been in contact and helped the community that is being referred to". She added: "I have reflected deeply on this and I wholly accept the need to take greater care with my language at all times." Reform UK leader Nigel Farage called it a "pretty minor offence". "We don't want to live in a society where racially derogatory language is normalised or dismissed." In August 2023, Jones, then a Conservative Member of the Senedd, used the slur in a WhatsApp group in response to a discussion about TikTok - at the time, there were fears the Chinese government could use the app to spy. Jones, who defected to Reform in July and represents South Wales East, also referred to an ex-staffer as "a wanker" and a "bitter, twisted, useless person" in the group chat. Since 2000, Chinese immigrants further diversified, including political dissidents, naturalised citizens, economic immigrants and Chinese medical practitioners, as well as "a number of migrants from Hong Kong," said Prof Wu. Getty Images Reform's only Welsh Parliament member, Laura Anne Jones was banned from the Senedd chamber for 14 days on 19 November Ms Au-Yeung, from Swansea, said "many ethnically Chinese people born in Wales have shared that their Welsh identity can feel questioned at times because of how they look". "This term has historically been used in negative and racist contexts, and its impact is still felt deeply." Foo Seng, advocacy lead at CIWA said: "By using that word you are telling the public that it is OK to use that word to talk about the Chinese community. "The upset we feel is difficult to express, but it just is demeaning." Angela Hui, author of Takeaway: Stories From Behind the Counter, said it was a word that "might look harmless to someone on the outside... So when 'little things' like the c-word is being thrown around so casually in messages it piles up and turns into something bigger." She added that, time and time again, elected politicians have made inappropriate and offensive comments, so "it's nothing new and unsurprising". "We should be actively calling out racism because it is wrong, no matter who it's aimed at." Getty Images Jones's suspension was imposed by fellow Members of the Senedd and it stopped her taking part in proceedings for two weeks as well as docking her pay Ms Au-Yeung said she did not think Jones acknowledged the impact her language had: "I recognise this has been difficult for her, but it is also important to acknowledge the experiences of Chinese community members who face this negative language in their daily lives. Many continue to suffer in silence." She added that she was glad to see the Welsh government addressing the issue, and hoped this would show people that it was unacceptable. "We need to make sure people are educated and understand the upset this word causes and ultimately stop using it." CIWA said Jones's suspension served as "an important reminder that racism must be taken seriously, especially by those in positions of public trust". "We hope that this incident serves as a catalyst for deeper reflection within political parties and the Senedd on the cultures, norms and practices that allow racist language to surface in the first place." It added that the organisation welcomed an invitation from the Senedd to engage in a conversation over this incident and related issues.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c3enj03eyw7o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Strangled, beaten and enslaved by my in-laws 3 hours ago Share Save Natasha Turney East Midlands Investigations Share Save BBC Sara, not her real name, was abused by her husband and mother-in-law after a forced marriage Isolated and alone, Sara says she felt powerless when the husband she was forced to marry in Pakistan became abusive. It became illegal in the UK in 2014 as part of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act and can result in a prison sentence of up to seven years. Sara says: "In the UK, I was told 'you can't go out, if you go out alone, you'll be raped, don't go out alone, daytime or evening'." Sara says her situation deteriorated when her husband became violent Sara suddenly found herself unwillingly living a life of servitude. 'He held my neck' Unable to contact friends and family back home and feeling scared and alone, she says she found the courage to ask her husband why she had no wifi. Sara says she was treated like a servant - and expected to do all of the cooking and chores Sara remembers how frightened she felt after the attack by her husband, which she says left her with a "swollen face". We should first think about it, see it, understand it." Dr Helen McCabe is part of a team working with the Home Office on a tool to measure forced marriage Sara is one of many forced marriage victims living in the UK. To change this, the Home Office has said it will pilot a prevalence study looking at how widespread forced marriage is, as part of a raft of measures to crack down on honour-based abuse. The department has been working with a team of professors at the University of Nottingham and the University of Birmingham to create a data tool in order to do this. Dr McCabe says this will be the first prevalence study of its kind in England and Wales, and could help to establish how many people are affected, whether forced marriage is increasing and how policy could be changed to help reduce it. "Unless we know how many people are affected, we can't tell whether the police should change their practice or the Crown Prosecution Service or anything else without some baseline data of how many people are involved," Dr McCabe says. In a statement, Jess Phillips, minister for safeguarding and violence against women and girls, said: "This government is introducing changes to laws and other measures to tackle this debilitating form of abuse and setting a clear direction for front-line staff that they must treat these crimes with the seriousness that they deserve.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5628308/trump-hegseth-boat-strikes
Article: White House justifies strikes on boat survivors, but it's unclear where buck stops toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images The Trump administration is standing by its controversial campaign of targeting and killing the crews of small boats that are allegedly smuggling drugs from South America to the U.S. But in the face of charges that these strikes amount to execution without trial, the White House is sending a confusing message about who exactly gave each order to use deadly force. In response to reports that the first of these incidents included a second round of strikes that killed two survivors on a burning boat, Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth said Tuesday that he authorized and watched the initial attacks but did not watch the second round. If the United States is at war, then killing enemies who are surrendering or helpless would constitute a war crime according to military experts, including a group of former JAG officers who have been critical of the Trump administration. Sponsor Message "It sets a dangerous template for a United States that believes it can strike anywhere on the planet without rules, limits, or consequences." She also noted that when a country acts as if it's at war when it's not, "that collapses the rules that keep civilians safe and gives governments license to kill without the safeguards international law requires." President Trump and Hegseth both justified the strikes again on Tuesday. Rand Paul posted a letter he received after an information request showing that 21% of Coast Guard interdictions turn up no drugs, suggesting that at least one in five of the deadly strikes could be in error. At the Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Trump suggested, without showing evidence, that drug trafficking has dropped since the boat strikes began, but he also claimed to know nothing about the details. "As far as the attack is concerned, I did, you know, I still haven't gotten a lot of information, because I rely on Pete, but to me, it was an attack. I didn't know anything about people, I wasn't involved in it." But speaking at the Pentagon earlier on Tuesday, press secretary Kingsley Wilson said, "At the end of the day, the secretary and the president are the ones directing these strikes."

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/more-4-year-colleges-offer-2-year-degrees-to-reach-new-groups-of-students
Article: John Yang: For a second-year Messina College student, Loukenscia Roberson, who goes by Lou, time with her mother, Eveline, and her older brother, Lucanse (ph), is the perfect way to celebrate the end of midterm exams. This is where I feel like I belong." John Yang: And having seen her mother deal with health issues, she knew what she wanted to do, study to become a nurse. Father Erick Berrelleza: In my college experience, the residential piece was critical, because there's so much that goes on after your class time that students can be part of, and that contributes to their formative experience at a Jesuit university, but any university, for that matter. It's like all the other support services that are needed to make sure that, again, you're not just meeting students where they are, what kind of services they need, but also when the services are offered, given the population of students have responsibilities that your traditional 18-to-21-year-old does not. Michael Melo: It ruined me, but it made me into a better person, because the reconstruction that it built, where I realized that I need to be present, I need to also be there, I need to do as much as I can to kind of get to that next step, get to that next milestone to become my own legacy. John Yang: Growing up in Haiti, Lou Roberson's mom didn't have the chance to go to college, so seeing her daughter as a college student is a dream come true.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/show/alicia-keys-and-swizz-beatz-celebrate-black-contemporary-art-in-giants-exhibition
Article: Geoff Bennett: The art exhibition with a high profile and a long name, Giants: Art from the Dean Collection of Swizz Beatz and Alicia Keys, recently opened in Richmond, Virginia, after stops in Brooklyn, Atlanta and Minneapolis. I sat down with the music power couple behind the exhibition, Alicia Keys and Kasseem Dean, better known as Swizz Beatz, about how they became art collectors and the meaning behind this expansive collection. And Swizz Beatz, real name Kasseem Dean, is a deejay, entrepreneur and Grammy-winning producer behind some of the biggest songs in hip-hop, R&B and pop, working with artists like DMX, Jay-Z, Beyonce, and Busta Rhymes. Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean, Music Producer and Art Collector: Well, growing up from the Bronx and seeing art everywhere, waking up, coming from school, going to school, seeing graffiti on the walls, it always felt like something that we live with naturally, just like music, you know? And she said: "Doing this work for the Dean Collection allowed me to have some fun and do something I wouldn't normally do, right, so two guys wheelie on a bike. Alicia Keys: The coolest thing about the Dean Collection is, because we're both artists, there's so much love and understanding that we have about what it takes to make art. And I think it would be selfish for us to have all of this beauty sitting in some storage somewhere or hanging only in a home, when you can share it with the world. Geoff Bennett: The goal, they say, is to inspire people from all backgrounds, elevate the work of living artists, and advocate behind the scenes to ensure those artists receive a fair share when their work is resold. But having the self-portraits out the gate and make people say, I know them, those are my friends right there, seeing the BMX bikes where I come from, the South Bronx, seeing her piano, seeing the turntables, seeing Kool Herc's actual street sign for hip-hop. Alicia Keys: He said: "Brick by brick." Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean: "Brick by brick." Alicia Keys: Literally, all of our stories are something that we have cultivated brick by brick, every single one.

Link: https://feeds.texastribune.org/link/16799/17221189/camp-mystic-safety-plan-deadly-hill-country-flooding
Article: See our AI policy , and give us feedback The owners of an all-girls summer camp in the Texas Hill Country, where 25 campers and two teenage counselors died in catastrophic July 4 flooding, announced plans on Tuesday for new safety upgrades that will be in place when a portion of the camp opens next summer. “We are preparing for next summer at Camp Mystic Cypress Lake and we know that safety is of the utmost concern to all of you, as it is for us,” the Eastland family wrote in the letter to parents of Camp Mystic campers. “We thank the Heaven’s 27 families and our state leaders for passing legislation to help make camps safer, and it is our goal not only to be in compliance with the new camp safety laws, but to exceed their requirements.” The children and counselors who died have become known as “Heaven’s 27.” Camp Mystic’s owners include the wife and other family members of Dick Eastland, who also died in the flooding. “For many of your daughters, this return is not simple, but it is a courageous step in their healing journey.” The Eastland family announced in September that it planned to build a memorial for the girls who died in the flooding and to reopen Camp Mystic Cypress Lake, a separate property that is not adjacent to the Guadalupe River and that sustained no damage in the July 4 floods. “To promote reopening less than three months after the tragedy — while one camper remains missing — is unthinkable,” CiCi and Will Steward, whose 8-year-old daughter Cile Steward died in the floods and whose body still has not been recovered, wrote to Camp Mystic officials when their reopening plan was first announced. The families of several of the girls who died in the floods have sued Camp Mystic and the Eastlands in state court, alleging camp operators failed to take necessary steps to protect the campers as life-threatening floodwaters approached.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/02/were-raising-our-crowdstrike-price-target-following-a-beat-and-raise-quarter.html
Article: 16, 2024 Bottom Line The October quarter was an encore performance from CrowdStrike — delivering better-than-expected results across the board, with record-high operating cash flow, adjusted operating income, EPS, free cash flow, and net new annual recurring revenue. Artificial intelligence benefits CrowdStrike in two ways: by increasing attack vectors in its customers' digital infrastructure, resulting in more demand, and by strengthening CrowdStrike's ability to protect customers against these attacks, resulting in more pricing power and cross-selling. Now, just as anyone can use AI to vibe code and become a software engineer, anyone can also now vibe hack, becoming a sophisticated adversary with AI." He added that CrowdStrike is mission-critical. "No matter how the market swings, geopolitical tensions evolve, or what technologies are in vogue, our digital society mandates cybersecurity as a necessity, and now, more than ever, synonymous with that, CrowdStrike is a necessity." CRWD YTD mountain CrowdStrike YTD This speaks to the nature of demand for CrowdStrike and other cybersecurity companies, such as fellow Club name Palo Alto Networks , and what these companies can provide in an all-encompassing, platform approach to digital protection. These are the seams and cracks where adversaries thrive." Kurtz's comment about the "agentic era" refers to digital AI agents that can perform complex tasks and problem-solve with little to no human oversight. In mid-September, at CrowdStrike's Fal.Con industry conference , the CEO described the rise of agentic AI as a "greater than 100x opportunity for CrowdStrike." Given the fiscal third-quarter results, strong outlook, and our longer-term view that cybersecurity is a secular growth industry, now benefiting from the need to defend against AI-equipped hackers, using AI protection tools, we're reiterating our 1 rating and increasing our CrowdStrike price target to $550 per share from $520. Quarterly commentary Perhaps the most exciting metric, as it indicates the sustainability of the strength we saw in Tuesday night's results, is net new annual recurring revenue, which came in at $265 million. Helping to drive that growth was Falcon Flex, with management noting that nearly 30% of ending ARR, or $1.35 billion, came from accounts that have adopted the new pricing model. On the call, Kurtz said the number of customers "reflexing," or re-signing once their credits are used up, more than doubled sequentially, to more than 200 — with 10 customers "reflexing more than 2x their initial flex subscription." Given the strong response, management expects the Falcon Flex model to become the company's licensing standard. The adjusted earnings outlook was also raised, with the team now targeting an EPS range of $3.70 and $3.72, up from the prior $3.60 to $3.72, and comfortably ahead of the $3.67 estimate from LSEG. For its 2026 fiscal fourth quarter, the current quarter going on right now, management guided for revenue to be between $1.29 billion and $1.3 billion, which is better than the $1.293 billion the Street was looking for at the midpoint, according to LSEG. See here for a full list of the stocks.) As a subscriber to the CNBC Investing Club with Jim Cramer, you will receive a trade alert before Jim makes a trade.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/trump-and-lula-hold-phone-call-to-discuss-us-tariffs-on-brazil-sanctions?traffic_source=rss
Article: Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his United States counterpart Donald Trump have signalled that relations between their two countries are improving, after months of economic and political tensions. “President Trump stressed his full willingness to work with Brazil and that he will give full support to joint initiatives between the two countries to confront these criminal organisations.” Trump, meanwhile, signalled that their conversation built upon a dialogue they had started in September, on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) in New York City. “President Lula and I established a relationship at a meeting which took place at the United Nations, and I believe it set the stage for very good dialogue and agreement long into the future,” Trump wrote on his platform, Truth Social. Much good will come out of this newly formed partnership!” Tensions over Bolsonaro Brazil and the US have generally had strong ties, but that bond hit turmoil earlier this year after Trump returned to the White House for a second term as president.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/us-justice-department-seeks-to-dismiss-lawsuit-over-maurene-comeys-firing?traffic_source=rss
Article: The lawsuit said her July firing was based on political reasons, including that her father is James Comey, the former director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and a prominent critic of President Donald Trump. The Justice Department argued that Maurene Comey’s complaint should be tossed because she did not fully comply with administrative procedures requiring the Merit Systems Protection Board to first consider her claim. Advertisement The board, the Justice Department maintained, was “the appropriate forum to determine whether, as Ms Comey claims, her removal was a prohibited personnel action or an arbitrary and capricious agency action”. Last month, US Attorney John Sarcone in Albany took the case after the recusal of prosecutors in New York, where Maurene Comey had secured guilty verdicts in several high-profile cases, including the sex trafficking conviction of Ghislaine Maxwell and the bribery convictions of former US Senator Bob Menendez and his wife. Two weeks before Maurene Comey was fired, a jury convicted music maven Sean Combs of prostitution-related charges, though it acquitted him of more serious sex trafficking and racketeering conspiracy charges.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/trump-doj-weighs-charging-james-comey-without-lindsey-halligan-rcna247020
Article: WASHINGTON — More than a week after a federal judge tossed the Trump administration's cases against two of the president's top political foes, the Justice Department is weighing whether to re-indict former FBI Director James Comey and New York Attorney General Letitia James. And the Justice Department is considering taking that step without the legal complications caused by the previous "unlawful" actions of Lindsey Halligan as the purported top federal prosecutor in the Eastern District of Virginia. Former prosecutors and legal experts told NBC News that bringing fresh cases might be a cleaner path to pursuing the matter, although both cases will continue to face significant challenges, including arguments that they represent selective and vindictive prosecutions. The five-year statute of limitations on Comey's 2020 testimony before Congress — the basis for his September indictment — has now expired, but a provision of federal law gives prosecutors an extra six months to secure an indictment after it is dismissed in some circumstances. Even if the Justice Department persuades another federal grand jury to indict Comey, a core issue will be whether there was an initial indictment, given that a judge found that Halligan — who took the unusual step of obtaining the indictment on her own — was unlawfully appointed. In a memorandum in support for return of his property, Richman’s lawyers said the government "conducted a new warrantless search of Professor Richman’s files in September 2025 in contravention of clear constitutional rules and the attorney-client privilege.” President Donald Trump fired Comey as FBI director in 2017. Attorneys for Richman say the government’s conduct “has deprived Professor Richman of his constitutional rights." “The Court should grant Professor Richman’s motion and order the return of the files at issue, as well as any copies thereof, and enjoin the government from making any further use of the improperly seized or retained materials,” his attorneys wrote.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/biggest-revelations-new-netflix-documentary-sean-diddy-combs-rcna246950
Article: "Sean Combs: The Reckoning" chronicles his rise to become one of the most powerful men in hip-hop to his downfall amid a wave of accusations involving sexual assault and abuse. Stapleton told NBC News that the documentary includes "a lot of new information" about the murders and that "no one had ever really put it together like that before." "Biggie is a foundational piece of Bad Boy and that relationship. … We had sources and were able to procure more intel and information, and I think that it was the first time that you could really tell this story," she said. Singer Aubrey O’Day reveals Combs may have assaulted her Aubrey O'Day, a member of the former girl group Danity Kane, revealed in the documentary that she may have been sexually assaulted by Combs. "I think what you see in the film is her struggling to digest, 'Did this happen to me or not?' And I think it’s a very real moment,” Stapleton said. And I think that she’s a very real person who is walking you through why this feels so complicated." O'Day, who appeared on Combs' "Making the Band 3," also shared sexually explicit emails she said Combs sent to her while she was a member of Danity Kane. Six months later, I was fired." O'Day said she "absolutely felt that I was fired for not participating sexually." When asked for comment on O’Day’s remarks in the documentary, representatives for Combs said in a statement to NBC News, “We’re not going to comment on individual claims being repeated in the documentary. Many of the people featured have longstanding personal grievances, financial motives, or credibility issues that have been documented for years.” “Sean Combs will continue to address legitimate matters through the legal process, not through a biased Netflix production,” the statement said. Secret video shows Combs days before arrest The documentary includes never-before-seen footage of Combs discussing his legal troubles days before his arrest at a New York City hotel in September 2024. "The footage was created for an entirely different purpose, under an arrangement that was never completed, and no rights were ever transferred to Netflix," Juda Engelmayer said in a statement. Combs or his team, and its inclusion raises serious questions about how it was obtained and why Netflix chose to use it." Combs’ legal team sent Netflix a cease and desist letter Monday.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/san-francisco-sues-coca-cola-kellogg-over-ultra-processed-foods-what-that-means
Article: In a historic action, San Francisco on Tuesday became the first government to file a lawsuit against food manufacturers over ultra-processed snacks and drinks that officials argue are wreaking havoc on Americans’ health. San Francisco’s lawsuit, which names 10 of the most popular food manufacturers known for highly processed fare — Kraft Heinz Company, Mondelez International, Post Holdings, The Coca-Cola Company, PepsiCo, General Mills, Nestle USA, Kellogg, Mars Incorporated and Conagra Brands — argues that the food industry knew its products were making people sick, but continued to market the addictive foods to maximize profits. The suit doesn’t seek a ban on the sale of any products, but instead a statewide order prohibiting the companies from continuing what the city describes as “deceptive marketing” targeting children, particularly in Black and Latino communities. Advertisement The lawsuit is reminiscent of legal battles against large tobacco companies in the 1990s in which states sought to recover billions in healthcare costs associated with treating smoking-related illnesses. Reynolds, purchased major food companies in the 1980s and used the same marketing techniques that once got people to purchase addictive cigarettes to now buy food that is highly palatable, but also often unhealthy, said San Francisco City Atty. “Like the tobacco industry, they knew their products make people very sick, but hid the truth from the public, profited from untold billions and left Americans to deal with the consequences,” Chiu said during a news conference Tuesday. “We’re talking about food that is not found in nature, created by combining artificial chemicals with industrialized processes.” Advertisement “You can see a few of the worst offenders right here,” he said, pointing to a table piled high with staple snacks like Oreos, strawberry-flavored Cheerios, Lunchables, Hot Pockets and Cheetos that are favorites of many Americans, including countless children. The Consumer Brands Assn., a trade organization that represents many of the companies named in the suit, said in a statement that there is no universal scientific definition of ultra-processed foods. Manufacturers are continuing to introduce new products with increased protein and fiber, lower sugar and sodium and no synthetic color additives, said Sarah Gallo, senior vice president of product policy, in a media statement. Americans deserve facts based on sound science in order to make the best choices for their health.” The share of ultra-processed foods on grocery store shelves increased dramatically in the 1980s and 1990s. But not all ultra-processed food is inherently unhealthy, according to the Yale School of Public Health, which notes that some foods that fall into that category like whole-grain breads and yogurts are associated with a lower risk of chronic diseases. Advertisement In the lawsuit, San Francisco argues that the variety of products found in grocery stores today “give the illusion of consumer choice” but Americans are largely forced to make their selections between “different configurations of chemicals that are making them sick,” according to the city’s news release. The study found that participants who ate the most ultra-processed food of any kind faced a 4% higher risk of all-cause mortality than those who ate the least ultra-processed food. However, experts at UC Davis have noted that the vast majority of research on ultra-processed foods has been observational, meaning people are asked to report what they eat and scientists take that information and use statistical analysis to explore associations with various health outcomes. “The only thing we actually know about ultra-processed foods is that, when given the option to eat them, they’re so tasty and it’s so easy to overeat them that you end up eating more calories than you normally would, and you end up gaining weight as a result,” said Angela Zivkovic, professor of nutrition at UC Davis, based on her research. This has made it more difficult to tie the cause of specific health ailments to certain foods, said Diana Winters, deputy director of the Resnick Center for Food Law and Policy at UCLA. Advertisement “It’s big because for years, I think people have talked about the idea of going after food companies similar to the way governments and individuals went after tobacco companies, but the worry was that we didn’t have the data to show the causation,” Winters said. “The idea that we now have the data to show these specific health effects to the point of showing it in court is a turning point.” Ultra-processed foods are high in sodium, added sugar, saturated fats and chemicals that are designed to make the food easy and pleasurable to eat and overeat, Chiu said. Last year, he signed Assembly Bill 2316 to ban food from schools containing dyes known as blue 1, blue 2, green 3, red 40, yellow 5 and yellow 6, industry staples that can give foods unnaturally vibrant colors in an effort to make them more appealing. Food experts like Gabby Headrick, the director of the undergraduate program in nutrition at the Milken Institute School of Public Health at George Washington University, argue that consumers would benefit from more education on ultra-processed foods as well as a nationwide policy of front-of-label packaging. Advertisement “We have many examples in other countries that we can look to that show that when you put a label on the front of a package that indicates that that food is high in added sugars, high in saturated fat or high in sodium, it can help consumers understand the foods that they’re purchasing much more easily without having to look at that complicated nutrition facts label,” Headrick said.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/manhattan-beach-middle-school-students-involved-in-hermosa-assault
Article: Students at Manhattan Beach Middle School were involved in a violent assault on a Hermosa Beach man that sent the 57-year-old victim to a hospital and led to the arrest of two of the alleged teen attackers, the school’s principal confirmed. The bold and seemingly unprompted attack has outraged the coastal community and stoked simmering frustrations around alleged teen e-bike gangs organizing under names such as the Goons and the Redondo Beach Killers. 21 incident show a group of teens on e-bikes surrounding the victim, knocking him to the ground and repeatedly kicking and punching him in an alleyway near the Hermosa Beach Pier. “While I must protect student privacy and respect the ongoing police investigation, I can confirm that MBMS students were involved in this off-campus incident.” Advertisement Problems with teenage e-bike gangs were recently discussed in a Nov. “Our goal is to hold them accountable.” He said that reports of these groups had been increasing in recent years, but clarified that they are not established criminal gangs recognized by the Department of Justice.

Link: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/republican-matt-van-epps-wins-house-special-election-in-tennessee
Article: Democrats recently won by wide margins in New Jersey, Virginia and elsewhere, and they hoped that a strong showing in Tennessee could further embolden the party ahead of midterm elections next November. Van Epps aimed to align with Trump as closely as possible, telling him during the November tele-rally, “I will have your back 100%.” He won a crowded primary by a wide margin in October with a late endorsement from Trump. Behn focused her campaign on fiery criticisms of economic policies that she said prioritize wealthy people and corporations, including Trump’s tariffs and budget and spending law, both of which Van Epps supports. But Republicans created a steady drumbeat of Behn’s own words used against her in television advertising, such as when she described herself as a “radical” and made harsh remarks about Nashville and its tourist draws.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/anthropic-claude-reportedly-preparing-ipo-race-openai-chatgpt-ft-wilson-sonsini-goodrich-rosati.html
Article: Anthropic, the AI startup behind the popular Claude chatbot, is in early talks to launch one of the largest initial public offerings as early as next year, the Financial Times reported Wednesday. For the potential IPO, Anthropic has engaged law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, which has previously worked on high-profile tech IPOs such as Google, LinkedIn and Lyft, the FT said, citing two sources familiar with the matter. The start-up, led by chief executive Dario Amodei, was also pursuing a private funding round that could value it above $300 billion, including a $15 billion combined commitment from Microsoft and Nvidia , per the report. However, an Anthropic spokesperson told the FT: "It's fairly standard practice for companies operating at our scale and revenue level to effectively operate as if they are publicly traded companies," adding that no decisions have been made on timing or whether to go public. The FT report follows several notable changes at the company of late, including the hiring of former Airbnb executive Krishna Rao, who played a key role in the firm's 2020 IPO. CNBC also reported last month that Anthropic was recently valued to the range of $350 billion after receiving investments of up to $5 billion from Microsoft and $10 billion from Nvidia. In its race to overtake OpenAI in the AI space, the startup has also been expanding aggressively, recently announcing a $50 billion AI infrastructure build-out with data centers in Texas and New York, and tripling its international workforce. While OpenAI has been rumoured to be considering an IPO, its chief financial officer recently said the company is not pursuing a near-term listing, even as it closed a $6.6 billion share sale at a $500 billion valuation in October.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/us-defence-chief-says-he-did-not-see-survivors-before-follow-up-boat-strike?traffic_source=rss
Article: US Secretary of Defense Pete Hegseth has denied seeing any survivors from a military strike on an alleged drug-smuggling boat in the Caribbean Sea in September, before the second deadly strike, which has prompted calls for an investigation into possible war crimes. Speaking at a Cabinet meeting at the White House on Tuesday, Hegseth said he watched the initial strike on September 2 in real-time but did not witness the controversial follow-up strike. “As you can imagine, at the Department of War, we’ve got a lot of things to do, so I didn’t stick around… I moved on to my next meeting,” Hegseth said at the meeting presided over by President Donald Trump. Hegseth said that Admiral Frank Bradley, who heads special operations in the US military and was the mission commander for the September 2 attacks, had made “the right call” to carry out the second strike and “eliminate the threat”. “This is called the fog of war.” Hegseth said the Trump administration fully supported Bradley and had empowered commanders to do “difficult things in the dead of night on behalf of the American people”. Advertisement “Secretary Talk Show Host may have been experiencing the ‘fog of war,’ but that doesn’t change the fact that this was an extrajudicial killing amounting to murder or a war crime,” US Senator Chris Van Hollen said on X, referring to Hegseth’s previous career as a host on Fox News. He must resign.” Scrutiny of Hegseth’s role has mounted since The Washington Post reported last week that military commanders carried out a second strike on two survivors clinging to the vessel’s wreckage to comply with his directive that no one be left alive. The Trump administration has carried out strikes on at least 22 vessels in the Caribbean Sea and Eastern Pacific as part of a controversial military campaign against alleged drug traffickers. The Trump administration has so far not made public any evidence to back its assertions that the boats were carrying narcotics, were headed to the US, or that they were being commandeered by members of proscribed cartels.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/trump-administration-threatens-to-withhold-food-assistance-from-21-states?traffic_source=rss
Article: On Tuesday, during the last cabinet meeting of the year, Rollins spoke about the ongoing lawsuit, which pits 21 states and the District of Columbia against the administration of US President Donald Trump. “ We asked for all the states, for the first time, to turn over their data to the federal government to let the USDA partner with them to root out this fraud, to make sure that those who really need food stamps are getting them,” she said. “But 21 states including California, New York and Minnesota — the blue states — continue to say no.” As a result, those Democratic-leaning states would no longer be receiving federal support for their SNAP recipients, according to Rollins. “Let’s be crystal clear: The President is trying to hijack a nutrition program to fuel his mass surveillance agenda,” California’s Attorney General Rob Bonta, a Democrat, said in a statement after the October ruling. “We won’t let that happen — not on our watch, and not in our communities.” Tuesday’s announcement that the states involved in the lawsuit would see a suspension of federal SNAP funds was met with outrage by some top Democratic leaders.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9895x3039ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: 1 hour ago Share Save Will Grant Central America correspondent, Tegucigalpa Share Save Reuters Presidential candidate Salvador Nasralla has a small lead in the election With a little over two-thirds of the ballots in the Honduras election tallied, the lead has changed hands. In Washington, President Donald Trump has staked his hopes on nothing less than an outright Asfura victory and has tried to directly influence the race in support of his favoured candidate. Whether it's been intimating that funds could be withheld from the impoverished Central American nation or making unsubstantiated allegations of electoral fraud, many in Honduras see the US president's fingerprints all over this election. "Donald Trump saying who we should elect violates our autonomy as a nation, and it affects our elections as well." Irrespective of whether the National Party go on to victory, one of their key figures is already celebrating. Hernandez was unexpectedly pardoned by Trump, despite having been found guilty last year by a court in New York of running a drug conspiracy which had brought more than 400 tonnes of cocaine into the United States. So, when Hernandez was arrested in 2022, then extradited to the United States and eventually jailed, most Hondurans celebrated it as a rare moment of justice in a nation riddled with institutional impunity, especially for the political elites. Trump has claimed the opposite, telling journalists on Air Force One that "the people of Honduras really thought (Juan Orlando Hernandez) was set up and it was a terrible thing". Reuters Ex-President Juan Orlando Hernandez was extradited to the United States in 2022 Journalists in Honduras who have covered the rise and fall of Hernandez – from the moment he rose to national prominence following a coup in 2009 to his extradition – struggle to recognise that description of a roundly detested former president. We were so happy, we got all the children onto the phone together with my mother-in-law, and shared a moment of happiness, laughter and prayer together." In terms of the future, the question now arises as to whether Mr Hernandez will attempt to return to Honduras. "Day after day, this government – which thank God is on its way out – used a discourse of hate about my husband that they spoke of persecution against him. And that's very dangerous for an ex-president – to return to a place where they've cultivated hatred against him from the very top, the president, down to the lowliest functionary." Ms Garcia Carias claimed Mr Hernandez had been a victim of "lawfare", of "the deep state" and of a "politically motivated witch-hunt" by the Biden administration. I put it to her that the case against her husband had largely been drawn up by the Drug Enforcement Agency and the US Department of Justice during Trump's first term, not President Biden's. "In whose mind would it make sense to bring a man they say was a co-conspirator into meetings with the CIA, the DEA, to give classified information on national security?" "There was a political campaign (against him) involving figures in the Biden administration," she insisted, "and I think there was manipulation of the facts after the event." Reuters Ana Garcia Carias, wife of the ex-president Juan Orlando Hernandez, says he was a victim of the "deep state"

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/02/nx-s1-5629305/trump-says-he-doesnt-want-somalis-in-the-u-s-urges-them-to-go-back-to-their-homeland-and-fix-it
Article: Trump says he doesn't want Somalis in the U.S., urges them to go back to their homeland and fix it toggle caption Julia Demaree Nikhinson/AP President Donald Trump on Tuesday said he did not want Somali immigrants in the U.S., saying residents of the war-ravaged eastern African country are too reliant on U.S. But he picked up the pace of his attacks on Somalis on social media last week after Christopher Rufo, a conservative activist, published unsubstantiated allegations in a magazine called City Journal, citing unnamed sources, that money stolen from Minnesota programs has gone to al-Shabab, an al-Qaida-linked militant group that controls parts of Somalia. Trump vowed last week in a social media post to send Somalis "back to where they came from," and alleged Minnesota, home to the largest Somali community in the United States, is "a hub of fraudulent money laundering activity." On Tuesday, the president said Somalis in the U.S. should "go back to where they came from and fix it." He specifically pledged to terminate temporary legal protections for Somalis living in Minnesota, a move that is triggering fear in the state's deeply-rooted immigrant community, along with doubts about whether the White House has the legal authority to enact the directive as described. Sponsor Message The announcement drew immediate pushback from some state leaders and immigration experts, who characterized Trump's declaration as a legally dubious effort to sow suspicion toward Minnesota's Somali community. Trump also renewed his criticism of Omar, whose family fled the civil war in Somalia and spent several years in a refugee camp in Kenya before coming to the U.S. Let's make this place great.' These are people that do nothing but complain." Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey called Trump's message "wrong" and said Somali immigrants have helped improve his community.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/colombias-petro-invites-trump-to-cocaine-lab-demolition-amid-attack-threat?traffic_source=rss
Article: Colombian President Gustavo Petro has invited US President Donald Trump to visit his country and participate in the destruction of cocaine laboratories after Trump said any country trafficking drugs into the United States could be attacked, “not just Venezuela”. You have already slandered me; do not continue down that path,” Petro said, apparently referring to Trump’s previous public assertions that the Colombian leader was involved in the drug trade. Sin misiles he destruido en mi gobierno 18.400 laboratorios, venga conmigo y le enseño como se destruyen, un laboratorio… https://t.co/8WOKnclDK7 — Gustavo Petro (@petrogustavo) December 2, 2025 Still, Colombia remains the dominant source of cocaine entering the US: According to the US Drug Enforcement Agency, 84 percent of the drug seized in the country in 2024 originated in Colombia. Advertisement Trump’s administration has deployed a huge military force to the Latin American region under the pretext of stemming the flow of drugs to the US from Venezuela, and has carried out missile attacks on vessels in the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea, killing at least 83 people in the process. Trump made his remarks on expanding attacks against narcotics-exporting countries while seated next to Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, who is under scrutiny for a so-called “double-tap” strike in September that killed two survivors from an earlier US attack on a vessel in the Caribbean Sea, which had already killed nine people. Legal experts said the second attack on the two survivors as they clung to the wreckage of the destroyed vessel was potentially a war crime, and both Democrat and Republican lawmakers have promised to investigate the circumstances of the killings. Hegseth defended the secondary strike but said on Tuesday that while he had watched the first attack on the suspected drug smuggling vessel in real time, he had not seen survivors or the second deadly US attack. Washington has provided no evidence of wrongdoing on the part of the victims, and Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has accused the US of planning to remove him from government under the guise of its anti-drug operation.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cvg1q27l533o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: US cancels citizenship ceremonies for migrants from travel ban countries 38 minutes ago Share Save Max Matza Share Save Getty Images The US has halted the processing of all immigration applications linked to 19 countries already subject to a travel ban, according to an internal official memo seen by BBC partner CBS News. The guidance on Tuesday was issued by the US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), which last week also halted all asylum decisions, and said it would re-examine green card visas issued to migrants from the US from the travel ban nations. The memo, which makes clear the sweeping restrictions being imposed, says: "This hold includes all form types and making any final decisions (approvals, denials) as well as completing any oath ceremonies." Matthew Tragesser, a spokesman for UCSIS, confirmed the pause to the New York Times. Citizenship is a privilege, not a right." Immigration lawyers say that some clients have had citizenship hearings cancelled this week, including for migrants coming from Venezuela, Iran, and Afghanistan, according to ABC News.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/us-pauses-all-immigration-applications-19-non-european-countries.html
Article: The pause applies to people from 19 countries that were already subjected to a partial travel ban in June, placing further restrictions on immigration - a core feature of U.S. Trump has also stepped up rhetoric against Somalis in recent days, calling them "garbage" and saying "we don't want them in our country." Since returning to office in January, Trump has aggressively prioritized immigration enforcement, sending federal agents to major U.S. The flurry of promised restrictions since the attack on National Guard members suggests an increased focus on legal immigration framed around protecting national security and casting blame on former President Joe Biden for his policies. The list of countries targeted in Wednesday's memorandum includes Afghanistan, Burma, Chad, the Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Haiti, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen, which were subjected to the most severe immigration restrictions in June, including a full suspension on entries with a few exceptions. The new policy places a hold on pending applications and mandates that all immigrants from the list of countries "undergo a thorough re-review process, including a potential interview and, if necessary, a re-interview, to fully assess all national security and public safety threats." The memorandum cited several recent crimes suspected to have been committed by immigrants, including the National Guard attack. Sharvari Dalal-Dheini, senior director of government relations for the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said the organization had received reports of cancelled oath ceremonies, naturalization interviews and adjustment of status interviews for individuals from countries listed on the travel ban.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/venezuela-denounces-us-ordered-forced-sale-of-oil-company-citgo?traffic_source=rss
Article: Venezuelan Vice President and Minister of Petroleum Delcy Rodriguez has condemned a US court’s decision to authorise the “fraudulent” and “forced” sale of Venezuelan oil company Citgo in the United States to pay off billions of dollars in debts. Citgo, a Houston-based subsidiary of Venezuela’s PDVSA (Petroleos de Venezuela, SA), a state-owned oil company, has been facing claims that it owes more than $20bn to creditors, reflecting the broader financial woes of the South American country under US sanctions, which have targeted its once profitable oil industry. The company’s creditors include the Canadian firm Crystallex, which another US court said was owed $1.2bn by the Venezuelan government in 2019 over Caracas’s 2008 seizure and nationalisation of the Las Cristinas mine, which is rich with gold, diamonds, iron and other minerals. The sale of Citgo comes as Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro claims that the US’s recent military build-up in the Caribbean Sea surrounding his country is aimed at seizing Venezuela’s vast oil reserves. While Venezuela holds the world’s largest proven oil reserves, estimated at 303 billion barrels as of 2023, it exported just $4.05bn worth of crude oil in 2023, far below other major oil-producing countries, in part due to US sanctions imposed during US President Donald Trump’s first term. Advertisement Last week, Maduro called on fellow members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to help his country counter “growing and illegal threats” from the US and its president. A slight easing of the trade tensions under former US President Joe Biden’s administration saw US multinational company Chevron granted a limited oil production licence, before sanctions were again tightened at the beginning of the second Trump administration in March this year.

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/immigration/trump-administration-pauses-immigration-applications-19-countries-rcna247106
Article: "Ultimately, USCIS has determined that the burden of processing delays that will fall on some applicants is necessary and appropriate in this instance, when weighed against the agency’s obligation to protect and preserve national security," it added. The suspect, who pleaded not guilty to murder Tuesday, is an Afghan national who entered the United States legally during the Biden administration and was granted asylum after President Donald Trump took office for a second time. Trump signed a proclamation in June fully banning nationals from 12 countries — among them Afghanistan, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen — from entering the United States and partially restricting the entry of nationals from seven others: Burundi, Cuba, Laos, Sierra Leone, Togo, Turkmenistan and Venezuela. withdrawal from Afghanistan in 2021, he does not believe the Afghan nationals who came to the United States "were properly vetted.” His office said Monday on X, “Nothing is off the table until every alien is vetted and screened to the maximum degree possible.” Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem said Monday on X that she met with Trump and recommended “a full travel ban on every damn country that’s been flooding our nation with killers, leeches, and entitlement junkies."

Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/brian-walshe-ana-murder-trial-rcna247103
Article: Prosecutors trying a Massachusetts man in the murder and dismemberment of his wife traced his gruesome online tracks in court Tuesday through dozens of internet searches conducted after Ana Walshe disappeared three years ago. this term was typed into Google on Brian Walshe's computer: “best ways to dispose of a body.” What followed was a litany of queries that lasted three days and sought information about dead bodies and dismemberment, crime scene cleanup and computer disposal. He described his client’s internet search for grim information as a frantic and tragic response as he “wrestled with the fact that Ana was dead.” The lawyer, Larry Tipton, acknowledged that Brian Walshe lied to authorities about what happened to Ana Walshe — he told police that she'd disappeared after she traveled to Washington, D.C., for a work emergency on the morning of Jan. 1 — but he said Brian Walshe "never thought about killing Ana." He said his client concluded that no one would believe that his wife was “alive one minute and dead the next.” Prosecutors contend that the murder was motivated by money — Brian Walshe was the sole beneficiary of his wife’s $2.7 million life insurance policy — and that he believed she was having an affair.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/trump-says-he-has-revoked-bidens-autopen-pardons-but-can-he-do-it?traffic_source=rss
Article: “Anyone receiving ‘Pardons,’ ‘Commutations,’ or any other Legal Document so signed, please be advised that said Document has been fully and completely terminated and is of no Legal effect,” he said. Biden issued a record 4,245 acts of clemency during his four years in office, more than any other US president since the start of the 20th century, according to the non-partisan Pew Research Center. Advertisement These included pardons by proclamation for former military service members convicted of violating a ban on gay sex, which has since been repealed, and people convicted of certain federal marijuana offences, according to the Pew Research Center. But pardons and laws remain valid.” PolitiFact, a fact-checking website based at the Poynter Institute for Media Studies, separately found that there is “no constitutional mechanism for overturning pardons, and an 1869 judicial ruling found that once delivered, a pardon is final”. Trump has previously insisted that a series of “preemptive” pardons that Biden issued to US legislators who investigated the January 6, 2021, attack on the US Capitol were signed by autopen. In March, Trump said on Truth Social that the pardons for these legislators were “VOID, VACANT, AND OF NO FURTHER FORCE OR EFFECT, because of the fact that they were done by Autopen.” Was Biden the first to use an autopen? Thomas Jefferson, the third US president, used what was known as a polygraph: A device consisting of two pens rigged in a way that the second could copy the action of the first.

Link: https://abc13.com/post/houston-isd-enrollment-see-what-hisd-campuses-have-had-biggest-changes-student-population-2025-26-school-year/18236854/
Article: See what HISD campuses have seen the biggest changes in student population this school year These are the Houston ISD campuses that have had the biggest changes in student population for the 2025-26 school year. HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- While waiting in the Braeburn Elementary pickup line for her daughter, Yoana Martines reminisces about her elementary school days, walking the same halls her child does now. "I do want to say I am thankful to have this option and reiterate that the teachers have been great," Rachelle Park, a mom with a child at Texas Connections Academy, said. Park's child does live within district boundaries and has previously attended in person, but was switched to Texas Connections Academy in October of 2024 after developing a chronic illness that impacted his attendance. As Superintendent Mike Miles pushes to have all A and B campuses within the district, it's not clear if the rating will lead to any change in the partnership that first began in 2009. Even with a lower accountability rating, the campus does bring a big financial boost to the district, with the Texas Connections Academy enrollment numbers alone projected to bring more than $8,000,000 to the district.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c208x9v68w3o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Trump says he doesn't want Somalis in US as ICE plans Minnesota operation 3 hours ago Share Save Max Matza Share Save Watch: Trump says he 'doesn't want' Somali migrants in US US President Donald Trump has said he does not want Somali immigrants in the US, telling reporters they should "go back to where they came from" and "their country is no good for a reason". Minneapolis and St Paul, which together are known as the Twin Cities, are home to one of the largest Somali communities in the world and the largest in the US. "I hope he gets the help he desperately needs." Reuters Trump criticised Ilhan Omar, a Somali-American who represents a Minnesota district in Congress US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has been directed by the Trump administration to target undocumented Somali immigrants in the Twin Cities, a person familiar with the planning told the BBC's US partner CBS News on Tuesday.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/german-presidents-uk-state-visit-celebrate-strategic-ties-128063291
Article: German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier will be greeted by brass bands and Christmas trees when he arrives in Britain for a state visit that will celebrate the close ties between the two countries while also remembering the scars of the past LONDON -- German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier will be greeted by brass bands and royalty Wednesday when he arrives for a U.K. On Friday, the couple will visit Coventry Cathedral to commemorate the Nazi bombing of the city, which killed at least 568 people and destroyed or damaged more than half of its homes on the night of Nov. “It’s a particularly poignant time in British and German history, so the fact that this is being factored into the state visit clearly is important to both sides,” said Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine. The trip will build on the success of Charles’ state visit to Germany, when he displayed an ability to properly roll his R’s while flipping between German and English in a speech to the Bundestag, the German parliament. “It will produce wonderful pictures and these will be seen as symbols for the British public and the German public,’’ said Gerhard Dannemann, former head of the Centre for British Studies at Humboldt Universität in Berlin.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/judge-issues-injunction-restricting-immigration-arrests-nations-capital-128061726
Article: A federal judge has blocked the Trump administration from making widespread immigration arrests in the nation’s capital without warrants or probable cause that the person is an imminent flight risk FILE - The Department of Homeland Security logo is seen during a news conference in Washington, Feb. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais, File) A federal judge late Tuesday blocked the Trump administration from making widespread immigration arrests in the nation’s capital without warrants or probable cause that the person is an imminent flight risk. The American Civil Liberties Union and other plaintiffs' attorneys argued federal officers were frequently patrolling and setting up checkpoints in Washington, D.C., neighborhoods with large numbers of Latino immigrants and then stopping and arresting people indiscriminately. Howell, who was nominated to the bench by President Barack Obama, a Democrat, said the plaintiffs had “established a substantial likelihood of an unlawful policy and practice by defendants of conducting warrantless civil immigration arrests without probable cause.” “Defendants’ systemic failure to apply the probable cause standard, including the failure to consider escape risk, directly violates” immigration law and the Department of Homeland Security's implementing regulations, she said. In addition to blocking the policy, she ordered any agent who conducts a warrantless civil immigration arrest in Washington to document “the specific, particularized facts that supported the agent’s pre-arrest probable cause to believe that the person is likely to escape before a warrant can be obtained.” Howell also required the government to submit that documentation to plaintiffs' attorneys. Another judge had issued a restraining order barring federal agents from stopping people based solely on their race, language, job or location in the Los Angeles area after finding that they were conducting indiscriminate stops, but the Supreme Court lifted that order in September.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/trump-play-starring-role-heading-big-weekend-kennedy-128062868
Article: (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul, file) WASHINGTON -- On Friday afternoon, the Kennedy Center, best known for its theater, opera and ballet, will be the unlikely center of the sports world when the matchups for next year's World Cup are announced there. On the same day last month that FIFA said it would issue the new award, Infantino called Trump a “close friend" who has “such an incredible energy.” If the prospect of a peace prize isn't enough attention, Trump will assume a role played in the past by the broadcasting legend Walter Cronkite and other luminaires by hosting the Kennedy Center Honors, if current plans hold. When presidents participate in the Kennedy Center Honors — Trump skipped the event during his first term — they generally stay in their box, wave to the audience and cheer the honorees. Deborah Rutter, who was fired as the Kennedy Center's president, said in a May statement that allegations of poor financial management were “false” and insisted that when she left, “the Kennedy Center was fiscally sound.” But the fallout has been intense with prominent musicals such as “Hamilton” canceling performances. “It was always a joy to be asked to perform at the Kennedy Center,” Jane Alexander, an actor and former chair of the National Endowment for the Arts, told The Associated Press. Sheldon Whitehouse, the top Democrat on the Environment and Public Works Committee, released documents last month showing the Kennedy Center entered into an agreement giving FIFA “exclusive” use of the facility from Nov. Roma Daravi, the Kennedy Center’s vice president of public relations, told the AP that it was being paid $7.4 million to hold the draw, including a $2.4 million donation from FIFA along with sponsorship opportunities and expenses. The venue's history is rooted in bipartisan cooperation when Republican President Dwight Eisenhower worked with Democrats who controlled Congress at the time to pass legislation that would create a national cultural center. Some of the 2025 winners have a history of backing Trump, including “Rocky” actor Sylvester Stallone, who has called Trump “the second George Washington” and founding Kiss member Ace Frehley, who endorsed Trump in 2020, calling him “the strongest leader we’ve got.” But some Trump detractors will also be recognized, including Kiss musician Paul Stanley. And though singer Gloria Gaynor hasn't publicly criticized the president, her 1970s disco hit “I Will Survive" is both a Trump favorite and an anthem for feminists and the LGBTQ community. FIFA announced late Tuesday that supermodel and television personality Heidi Klum, comedian Kevin Hart and actor Danny Ramirez will be on hand on Friday along with performances by Andrea Bocelli, the Village People, Robbie Williams and Nicole Scherzinger. The Kennedy Center's big weekend caps what has been a difficult year for Washington as Trump has portrayed the city as crime-ridden even as the violent crime rate is down. “For us as a destination, perhaps this gives us a chance to have some positive feedback,” said Elliott Ferguson, the president and CEO of Destination DC, the city's marketing organization.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/doctor-sentenced-selling-matthew-perry-ketamine-friends-stars-128062986
Article: A doctor who pleaded guilty to selling ketamine to Matthew Perry before the actor's overdose death is set to be sentenced on Wednesday FILE - Actor Matthew Perry participates in the BUILD Speaker Series to discuss the mini-series "The Kennedys After Camelot" in New York, March 30, 2017. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File) FILE - Actor Matthew Perry participates in the BUILD Speaker Series to discuss the mini-series "The Kennedys After Camelot" in New York, March 30, 2017. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File) LOS ANGELES -- A doctor who pleaded guilty to selling ketamine to Matthew Perry in the weeks before the “Friends” star's overdose death is set to be the first of five people sentenced in the case on Wednesday. District Judge Sherilyn Peace Garnett to sentence Plasencia, 44, to three years in prison after a plea agreement where the doctor admitted to illegally selling Perry large amounts of ketamine. But when his regular doctor wouldn't provide it in the amounts he wanted, he turned to Plasencia, who admitted to illegally selling to Perry despite knowing he was a struggling addict. He has also been viciously attacked in the media and threatened by strangers to the point where his family has moved out of state for their safety.” Plasencia's lawyers said he has moved to Arizona with his wife and 2-year-old son, for whom he is a loving caretaker. “I made mistakes, but I want him to know that I tried to make better choices after my mistakes.” Plasencia pleaded guilty in July to four counts of distribution of ketamine.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/sabrina-carpenter-condemns-evil-use-of-her-music-in-white-house-video?traffic_source=rss
Article: Pop singer Sabrina Carpenter and the publisher of the beloved children’s character Franklin the Turtle have disavowed US President Donald Trump’s administration’s use of their music and imagery to support its agenda. Responding on social media to the use of her song Juno, from her 2024 album Short n’ Sweet, in a video montage depicting US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) raids, Carpenter said, “This video is evil and disgusting. Do not ever involve me or my music to benefit your inhumane agenda.” In the caption for the clip, the White House quoted Carpenter’s lyrics, “Have you ever tried this one? Bye-bye.” White House spokesperson Abigail Jackson retorted in a statement: “Here’s a Short ‘n Sweet message for Sabrina Carpenter: we won’t apologise for deporting dangerous criminal illegal murderers, rapists, and pedophiles from our country. Anyone who would defend these sick monsters must be stupid, or is it slow?” Meanwhile, on Monday, Franklin the Turtle publisher Kids Can Press condemned US Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth’s post on X featuring a manipulated image showing Franklin aiming a bazooka at boats. Hegseth posted the image with the caption, “Franklin Targets Narco Terrorists.” “Franklin the Turtle is a beloved Canadian icon who has inspired generations of children and stands for kindness, empathy, and inclusivity,” Kids Can Press said in a post shared on social media. Advertisement Hegseth shared the video as he continues to face scrutiny over allegations that he ordered a second deadly strike on two survivors of a previous attack on an alleged drug-smuggling boat in the Caribbean Sea in September. In 2024, Celine Dion condemned the use of one of her songs, My Heart Will Go On, in a campaign video, and Beyonce reacted similarly over the use of her song Freedom the same year. Willis has been openly supportive of Trump using the band’s 1970s disco hit YMCA at campaign rallies, in contrast to some of his fellow band members who had previously asked for the Trump administration not to use the song, which has long been associated with the gay liberation movement.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cly580gkd9ro?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Crisis looms in Israel over ultra-Orthodox conscription bill 27 minutes ago Share Save Lucy Williamson Middle East correspondent, Bnei Brak Share Save EPA The push to conscript more ultra-Orthodox men triggered a huge protest in Jerusalem last month An impending crisis over conscripting ultra-Orthodox Jews into the Israeli army is threatening to undermine Israel's government and split the country. Public opinion on the issue has shifted dramatically in Israel after two years of war, and this is now perhaps the most explosive political risk facing Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Lawmakers are currently considering a draft bill to end the exemption granted to ultra-Orthodox men enrolled in full-time religious study, established when the State of Israel was declared in 1948. Nik Millard/BBC A memorial for those killed in the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attacks and Gaza war has been established at Dizengoff Square in Tel Aviv Tensions are erupting onto the streets, with lawmakers now debating a new draft bill to force ultra-Orthodox men into military service alongside other Israeli Jews. And last week, a special Border Police unit had to rescue Military Police officers who were targeted by a large crowd of Haredi men as they tried to arrest a suspected draft-evader. The push to conscript more ultra-Orthodox also triggered a vast protest by tens of thousands of Haredi men in Jerusalem last month - with the issue seen by many as part of a wider conflict around the identity of the Jewish state, and the place of religion within it. It doesn't work." Nik Millard/BBC Inside a classroom at Kisse Rahamim yeshiva, teenage boys study Judaism's religious laws But the changes blowing through Israel have not yet breached the walls of the Kisse Rahamim yeshiva - or Jewish seminary - in Bnei Brak, an ultra-Orthodox city on the outskirts of Tel Aviv. "Come at one in the morning, and you will see half the guys are studying Torah," the head of the yeshiva, Rabbi Tzemach Mazuz, told me, in what his office said was his first interview with foreign media, or with any female journalist. Nik Millard/BBC Rabbi Tzemach Mazuz believes yeshiva students are protecting Israel's soldiers by praying and studying the Torah The ultra-Orthodox population has more than doubled its share of Israel's population over the past seven decades, and now accounts for 14%. A survey in July by the Israel Democracy Institute think tank found that 85% of non-Haredi Jews - including almost three-quarters in Netanyahu's own right-wing Likud party - supported sanctions for those who refused a draft order, with a firm majority in favour of withdrawing benefits, passports, or the right to vote. "If you're born here, I find it quite ridiculous that you want to exempt yourself just to study Torah all day." Oren Rosenfeld/BBC Dorit Barak runs a memorial commemorating soldiers from Bnei Brak who have been killed in Israel's wars Support for extending the draft is also coming from religious Jews outside the Haredi community, like Dorit Barak, who lives near the yeshiva in Bnei Brak and points to non-Haredi religious Jews who do serve in the military while also studying Torah. I also believe in the Torah, but there's a saying in Hebrew - "Safra and Saifa" [The Book and the Sword] – it means the Torah and the guns together. That's the way forward, until the days of peace." Ms Barak runs a small memorial in Bnei Brak to local soldiers, both religious and secular, who were killed in battle during Israel's wars. Today, almost everyone is ultra-Orthodox, and since 1983 no soldiers were killed, because no one is serving in the army." IDF The Israel Defense Forces has set up special units for ultra-Orthodox men There are special army and police units for the small number of ultra-Orthodox men who currently choose to serve. But Benjamin Netanyahu said at the opening of parliament's winter session in October that the new draft bill would see 10,000 yeshiva students drafted within two years - something he described as "a real revolution". "A balanced law, a good law, a law that is good for the army, good for the yeshiva students, good for the people of Israel [and] good for the state," said lawmaker Boaz Bismuth, a Netanyahu loyalist charged with shepherding the bill through parliament. EPA Benjamin Netanyahu says the new draft bill would see 10,000 Haredi men drafted within two years But many lawmakers, including those from the governing coalition, said this week the current draft of the bill was far too lenient, and that neither they nor the courts would approve it. The current text appears to largely maintain the status quo by conscripting only those ultra-Orthodox men not in full-time religious study, and lifting all sanctions on draft-dodgers once they turn 26. Tzachi Hanegbi, a former National Security Adviser recently dismissed by Netanyahu, described it as "an instrument of evasion [that] endangers the future of the state", adding that he and his four sons had all served significant time in the military. Israel's ultra-Orthodox parties have been split over whether to concede to the growing pressure for change, but in a move seen as evidence of the bill's leniency, the hardline Degel HaTorah party - part of the governing coalition - is reportedly considering supporting the current text.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/c4g98zkx518o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: More than 2,000 extremely abusive social media posts - including death and rape threats - were sent about managers and players in the Premier League and Women's Super League in a single weekend, a BBC investigation has found. The analysis - conducted with data science company Signify - focused on posts made during 10 Premier League and six WSL matches on the weekend of 8 and 9 November, and also found messages including racist slurs, homophobia and threats of violence. Premier League bosses Ruben Amorim, Arne Slot and Eddie Howe were the most common targets of abuse in the men's top flight, while Chelsea and their manager Sonia Bompastor faced 50% of all abuse in the WSL. A total of 61% of all abusive messages were sent from accounts in the UK and the Republic of Ireland, and the data suggests the overall number is on the rise.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/cnbc-china-connection-newsletter-three-economic-flashpoints-2026-property-consumption-deflation.html
Article: Once one of China's largest developers by sales and an iconic local brand, Vanke is seeking to delay repayment of a 2 billion yuan ($283 million) onshore bond due Dec. Str | Afp | Getty Images "Homebuyers' confidence in China has already been quite fragile, so if [Vanke has to pursue distressed financing] that could probably hit sentiment further," said Edward Chan, director, corporate ratings at S&P Global Ratings. "Funding arrangements and implementation details are lacking," Goldman Sachs analysts said in a report over the weekend, while noting a clear emphasis on integrating AI into consumer product development and services. "Overall, this plan focuses entirely on the supply side," the analysts said, "and we continue to believe sustained consumption growth will require policy support for job creation and income gains." Of concern, the bad loan ratio for households in China reached 1.33% in the first half of this year, exceeding the corporate ratio, which declined to 1.2%, according to Natixis. Even with extended promotions running from early October to mid-November, China's biggest shopping event of the year saw sales growth slow to 14.2% from 26.6% last year, according to third-party analysis. Nomura's Chief China Economist Ting Lu estimated last week that roughly a quarter of those inflation gains came from the surge in gold prices, according to his analysis of official figures. Top TV picks on CNBC watch now Charlene Chu, a macrofinancial senior analyst for China at Autonomous Research, said that persistent deflation has discouraged more Chinese companies from investing domestically, fearing they cannot generate a return. watch now Kerry Mok, President and CEO of SATS, which derives more than half of its revenue from air cargo, said that China's overall trade has grown, while e-commerce sales in the U.S. watch now Jacqueline Du, head of China industrial tech research at Goldman Sachs, said there is demand for humanoid robots even if they are not yet highly useful, and companies in the supply chain are optimistic. On the heels of an AI app revamp, the Chinese e-commerce giant kicked off sales of its smart frames on Thursday for $500 in China, a market where the Meta Ray-Ban Display glasses are not officially available.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/03/g-s1-100212/san-francisco-sues-manufacturers-ultraprocessed-foods
Article: San Francisco sues nation's top food manufacturers over ultraprocessed foods toggle caption Wilfredo Lee/AP The city of San Francisco filed a lawsuit against some of the nation's top food manufacturers on Tuesday, arguing that ultraprocessed food from the likes of Coca-Cola and Nestle are responsible for a public health crisis. "These companies engineered a public health crisis, they profited handsomely, and now they need to take responsibility for the harm they have caused." Sponsor Message Ultraprocessed foods include candy, chips, processed meats, sodas, energy drinks, breakfast cereals and other foods that are designed to "stimulate cravings and encourage overconsumption," Chiu's office said in the release. Sponsor Message "Mounting research now links these products to serious diseases—including Type 2 diabetes, fatty liver disease, heart disease, colorectal cancer, and even depression at younger ages," University of California, San Francisco, professor Kim Newell-Green said in the news release.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/deadly-conflict-sahel-sends-herders-fleeing-africas-coastal-128063493
Article: West Africa's cattle herders are being stripped of their animals by extremist-linked armed groups as the deadly conflict in the Sahel region grows Tanane Ibrahim, who fled his village in Burkina Faso, tends to cattle at a makeshift grazing area in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, Friday, Oct. For the next three years, he wandered from town to town looking for jobs in the landlocked West African nation that faces growing attacks by armed groups, with some of the fighters linked to al-Qaida. I was a chief, and now I have come here and I am working for someone else,” the 49-year-old Sidibè told The Associated Press at a stockyard in a swampy wasteland on the outskirts of Abidjan, the Ivory Coast capital. The sprawling conflict in the Sahel, a vast semi-arid stretch south of the Sahara desert, has sent thousands of herders to safer areas on the fringes of Abidjan, where they struggle to adapt to city life with rising costs and soaring unemployment. He said the city was his only option: “You can’t keep livestock here, but since I didn’t have any anymore, there was nothing stopping me from coming." That could change. This month, Ivory Coast said it was strengthening security along its northern borders after noting “several unusual flows of refugees from Mali.” Countries in the Sahel have been fighting armed groups for years, starting with unrest in northern Mali in 2012 that has spread to landlocked Burkina Faso and Niger. “With the insecurity surrounding livestock and tensions between farmers and herders, there has been a trend among Fulani herd owners to switch to land acquisition, real estate or shops,” said Yao Kouamé, a research professor in sociology at Ivory Coast’s University of Bouakè. You have to work hard to get paid, and when you pay for what you need to live, you have nothing left, so you have to go back to work." ___ For more on Africa and development: https://apnews.com/hub/africa-pulse The Associated Press receives financial support for global health and development coverage in Africa from the Gates Foundation.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/deadly-asian-floods-fluke-theyre-climate-warning-scientists-128063105
Article: Southeast Asia has been hit by unusually severe floods this year, with late storms killing more than 1,400 people and leaving hundreds missing across Indonesia, Sri Lanka, and Thailand By ANIRUDDHA GHOSAL Associated Press and ANTON L. (AP Photo/Binsar Bakkara, File) HANOI, Vietnam -- Southeast Asia is being pummeled by unusually severe floods this year, as late-arriving storms and relentless rains wreak havoc that has caught many places off guard. “Southeast Asia should brace for a likely continuation and potential worsening of extreme weather in 2026 and for many years immediately following that," said Jemilah Mahmood, who leads the think tank Sunway Centre for Planetary Health in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Warmer ocean temperatures provide more energy for storms, making them stronger and wetter, while rising sea levels amplify storm surges, said Benjamin Horton, a professor of earth science at the City University of Hong Kong. Storms are arriving later in the year, one after another as climate change affects air and ocean currents, including systems like El Nino, which keeps ocean waters warmer for longer and extends the typhoon season. Since 2000, the flood-inundated Indonesian provinces of Aceh, North Sumatra and West Sumatra have lost 19,600 square kilometers (7,569 square miles) of forest, an area larger than the state of New Jersey, according to Global Forest Watch. Costs from disasters are an added burden for Sri Lanka, which contributes a tiny fraction of global carbon emissions but is at the frontline of climate impacts, while it spends most of its wealth to repay foreign loans, said Thudugala. is support to recover some of the losses we have suffered,” said Rohan Wickramarachchi, owner of a commercial building in the central Sri Lankan town of Peradeniya that was flooded to its second floor. Responding to increasingly desperate calls for help, at the COP30 global climate conference last month in Brazil, countries pledged to triple funding for climate adaptation and make $1.3 trillion in annual climate financing available by 2035. Associated Press writers Edna Tarigan in Jakarta, Indonesia, Jintamas Saksornchai in Bangkok, Thailand, Sibi Arasu in Bengaluru, India, Eranga Jayawardena in Kandy, Sri Lanka, and Eileen Ng in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, contributed to this report.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/uk-exchange-newsletter-reeves-budget-dismays-investors-with-tax-relief-cut.html
Article: Reeves announced she was widening eligibility for the Enterprise Investment Scheme (EIS) and its sister scheme, Venture Capital Trusts (VCTs), "so scale-ups can attract the talent and the capital that they need." VCTs are publicly listed investment vehicles, run by fund managers, offering investors exposure to a portfolio of young, high-risk companies. government offers generous incentives: investors may invest up to £200,000 ($263,975) each tax year, while dividends paid by VCTs are tax-free and gains are not subject to Capital Gains Tax. She went on to say that this would involve "re-engineering our Enterprise Investment and Venture Capital Trust schemes so they don't just back early-stage ideas — but stay with companies as they grow." Any entrepreneur hearing those words, in isolation, would have been delighted. scale-ups." He pointed to a 2023 survey, commissioned by HM Revenue & Customs, the U.K.'s tax authority, that showed tax relief was the single most important motivator for investors and that the number of VCT investors would probably fall if the incentives were reduced. A 'Black Friday rush' Alex Davies, chief executive of the investment platform Wealth Club, said that in 2006-07, when up-front tax relief was cut from 40% to 30%, the amount raised by VCTs fell 65% and took more than a decade to recover to previous levels. He said this year's announced cut had sparked a "Black Friday rush" before the relief cut for the top VCT managers, with his platform seeing a 538% rise in applications the day after the Budget. Peter Hicks, research analyst at the investment firm Chelsea Financial Services, told Trustnet, the investment research and data platform, that the move was "utterly nonsensical," adding: "Rachel Reeves is performing impressive mental gymnastics to badge this as a 'pro-growth' Budget while simultaneously draining the lifeblood from the very companies that drive growth." And Kallum Pickering, chief economist at the investment bank Peel Hunt, called it a "stupid change." The Treasury's justification is that it plans to raise VCT and EIS limits to allow investors to follow-on as companies grow beyond the startup phase and to incentivise funds to support high-growth companies. What that means in practice is that companies qualifying for an EIS or inclusion in the portfolio of a VCT will be able to raise more money than they could previously, significantly so in some cases, particularly those that the Treasury calls "knowledge intensive companies." Previously, VCT investee companies could receive an annual maximum of £5 million worth of investment and a lifetime maximum of £12 million (£12 million and £20 million for knowledge intensive companies), but these limits will now rise to £10 million and £24 million (£20 million and £40 million for knowledge intensive companies). In fairness to the Treasury, the industry campaigned before the Budget for increases in the limits, arguing that they had been eroded by inflation since they were last changed in 2016. The Treasury expects to be £125 million better off in 2027-28 as a result of this measure and by £95 million in each of the subsequent two tax years — more than making up for the cost of extending the scheme limits. According to the latest Treasury statistics, VCTs issued £873 million worth of shares in the 2023-24 tax year, down 17% on the previous year, while VCT investors claimed tax relief on £810 million worth of investment, down 19% on the previous year. Top TV picks on CNBC watch now Megan Greene, external member of the Monetary Policy Committee at the Bank of England discusses the inflation outlook, the impact of the Autumn Budget on monetary policy and her forecast for U.K. watch now IIF CEO Tim Adams says Chancellor Rachel Reeves was dealt a bad hand in the run up to her budget, as Reeves faces accusations of lying about the state of the country's finances. — Megan Greene, external member of the Monetary Policy Committee at the Bank of England In the markets London-listed stocks have moved slightly higher over the past week, taking the FTSE 100 closer to passing the 10,000-point milestone.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/martial-law-year-after-south-korea-imposed-it-where-else-is-it-in-force?traffic_source=rss
Article: One year ago, on December 3, 2024, South Korea was thrust into a political crisis after then-President Yoon Suk Yeol declared martial law, citing rising unrest and an alleged threat to national security. Ukraine’s situation is closer to what Vina Nadjibulla, vice president for research and strategy at the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada, described as a “state of emergency, where governments activate special powers – such as curfews, bans on gatherings, or expanded policing – but within a constitutional framework that keeps civilian institutions, including parliament and the judiciary, formally in charge.” Nevertheless, under the marshall law decree, the Ukrainian has granted extended powers to the armed forces, banned men of fighting age – typically those age 18 to 60 – from leaving the country, and restricted political activity deemed harmful to the war effort. The restrictions are broadly accepted by much of the population, but they have raised questions about political accountability and transparency in the country, especially as President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s government faces growing accusations of corruption. “I want to stress that we should recognise the obvious – the government has started to abuse martial law, using it not only to defend the country, but to build an authoritarian regime,” Poroshenko said during parliamentary debates in April. The military government has since declared martial law in dozens of townships, especially in major cities like Yangon, Mandalay and conflict-hit ethnic regions, granting commanders sweeping powers to detain, try and execute civilians in military courts. “Military commanders have taken over local administration, civilian courts have been sidelined, and open criticism of the regime or its proposed elections can lead to harsh punishment,” Nadjibulla said, describing Myanmar as the “clearest example [of marshall law] in the Asia-Pacific”. In late July, the military announced that it was lifting the state of emergency from some parts of the country, ahead of national elections that are scheduled to start on December 28. But some 22,689 political detainees, including Aung San Suu Kyi, remain in detention as of December 2, according to the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners, an independent organisation that keeps detailed tallies of arrests. The United Nations has warned that the “military-controlled” elections at the end of the year are unlikely to lead to any democratic transition, and might only “ingrain insecurity, fear and polarisation throughout the country”. Thailand Thailand is not under nationwide martial law, but specific areas along the country’s southern provinces, including Pattani, Yala and Narathiwat, remain under longstanding emergency and security laws that grant the military expanded powers, similar to martial law. The declaration was made to safeguard “national sovereignty, territorial integrity and the lives and property of Thai citizens”, a statement by Apichart Sapprasert, commander of the Border Defence Command, said in July. The European Union and United Nations, among other bodies, have accused Burkina Faso of serious human rights violations in its fight against armed groups, including the indiscriminate killings and forced disappearances of dozens of civilians, among them journalists and human rights defenders. Madagascar Madagascar has lived under some form of military-backed governance since 2009, when Andry Rajoelina, then a former mayor supported by key army factions, seized power in a coup that set the tone for years of political instability in the country. That pattern resurfaced in October 2025, when weeks of youth-led demonstrations over corruption and economic frustration prompted the elite CAPSAT military unit to defect and take control of the capital. Though both are ruled by civilian administrations, the interim governments that came to power in Bangladesh (2024) and Nepal (2025) after their leaders were overthrown rely heavily on the military, Nadjibulla pointed out. “The interim authorities are ruling mainly through executive decrees while preparing elections, with the military acting as a key guarantor of order and of the transition itself.” Bangladesh is poised for fresh elections in February.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2025/12/2/report-finds-widespread-police-failings-over-uks-hillsborough-disaster?traffic_source=rss
Article: A major report has found that there were widespread police failings both before and after the deadly Hillsborough football stadium crush that led to the deaths of 97 Liverpool supporters in northern England in 1989. At the end of an investigation that began in 2012, the UK’s police watchdog concluded on Tuesday that 12 police officers would have had cases to answer for gross misconduct over the United Kingdom’s worst sporting tragedy. Longtime campaigner Margaret Aspinall, whose 18-year-old son James was killed that day, expressed her anger, calling it a “disgrace to this nation” that the 12 officers could “walk away scot free with a full pension”. Almost 100 people died in the ensuing crush, as fans who had come to watch their side play Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup semifinal were trapped against metal fences or trampled underfoot. The latest report, published by the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC), said it had “found additional evidence” that provided a more “detailed understanding” of what happened at the stadium. The victims’ families said on Tuesday that Norman Bettison, one of the 12 named officers, who went on to become head of Merseyside Police, should be stripped of his knighthood. The British Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood called Hillsborough a “stain on our nation’s history” that “today serves as a stark reminder of one of the most significant failings in policing the country has ever seen”.

Link: https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2025-12-02/simi-valley-doctor-wife-fatally-shot-by-son-police-say
Article: A Simi Valley couple were gunned down at their home by the husband’s son, who then fled to Chino, set his car on fire and fatally shot himself, police said. The grisly double homicide unfolded around noon Sunday when officers with the Simi Valley Police Department responded to multiple 911 calls for gunfire in the 500 block of Hawks Bill Place. Advertisement Eric Cordes was a “beloved physician” and radiologist at Adventist Health Simi Valley who served the Simi Valley community “with compassion and excellence for nearly 30 years,” according to a statement shared by Alice Issai, the hospital’s president. Police initially said they believed the attack was targeted, but the suspected shooter’s identity was not revealed until Tuesday when the San Bernardino County medical examiner confirmed that the corpse pulled from the burned car in Chino was 37-year-old Keith Cordes. Detectives used license plate recognition cameras to track the vehicle, which was registered to Keith, as it traveled southbound on the 210 Freeway before exiting in Chino and parking near Ayala Park.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/03/g-s1-100218/trump-administration-halts-immigration-19-nations
Article: Trump administration halts immigration applications for migrants from 19 nations toggle caption Erin Hooley/AP WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is pausing all immigration applications such as requests for green cards for people from 19 countries banned from travel earlier this year, as part of sweeping immigration changes in the wake of the shooting of two National Guard troops. The pause puts on hold a wide range of immigration-related decisions such as green card applications or naturalizations for immigrants from those 19 countries that the Trump administration has described as high-risk. The ban applied to citizens of Afghanistan, Myanmar, Chad, the Republic of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Haiti, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen while the restricted access applied to people from Burundi, Cuba, Laos, Sierra Leone, Togo, Turkmenistan and Venezuela. The agency cited the shooting of two National Guard troops by a suspect who is an Afghan national as a reason for the pause and heightened scrutiny for people from those countries. "In light of identified concerns and the threat to the American people, USCIS has determined that a comprehensive re-review, potential interview, and re-interview of all aliens from high-risk countries of concern who entered the United States on or after January 20, 2021 is necessary," the agency said. Sponsor Message The agency said in the Tuesday memo that within 90 days it would create a prioritized list of immigrants for review and if necessary, referral to immigration enforcement or other law enforcement agencies. Last week, the director of USCIS said in a social media post that his agency would be reexamining green card applications for people from countries "of concern." But the policy directive Tuesday goes further and lays out in more detail the scope of who will be affected.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Technology/wireStory/australia-enforce-social-media-age-limit-16-week-128064519
Article: Australia is set to enforce its age limit for social media accounts starting next week, and the platforms must provide monthly reports on how many children's accounts they have closed or face fines Australia to enforce social media age limit of 16 next week Australia's Communications Minister Anika Wells speaks at the National Press Club in Canberra, Wednesday, Dec. (Mick Tsikas/AAP Image via AP) MELBOURNE, Australia -- Social media platforms must report monthly how many children’s accounts they close once Australia begins enforcing its 16-year age limit next week, a minister said Wednesday. “We have consistently said this rushed legislation misunderstands our platform, the way young Australians use it and, most importantly, it does not fulfill its promise to make kids safer online,” a Google statement said.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/lisette-monroe-lost-beloved-sister-murder-hopes-execution-128062892
Article: Lisette Monroe was a 23-year-old new mother in 1988 when she lost her beloved little sister in the most horrific way possible Lisette Monroe lost her beloved sister to murder. “I think it was something as simple as Wendy’s, but we would be sitting there and talking about our lives that week and how things had gone.” Back in the U.S. after three years apart, Monroe was planning a trip to Tennessee to catch up on her sister’s life as a 20-year-old college student at Chattanooga State and introduce Pulley to her infant niece. “That image just reminds me so much of the good times with her, and the joy, and how much we loved each other.” After her sister was murdered, everything changed. “You have to step back a minute and think about the fact that this woman had just lost her baby girl in the most horrific way possible, and she was grieving and still in shock,” Monroe says.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-administration-halts-immigration-applications-migrants-19-travel-128062457
Article: The Trump administration is pausing immigration applications, including green cards, for people from 19 countries previously banned from travel FILE - Police officers block a street as demonstrators march at a protest opposing "Operation Midway Blitz" and the presence of ICE, Sept. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley, File) WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration is pausing all immigration applications such as requests for green cards for people from 19 countries banned from travel earlier this year, as part of sweeping immigration changes in the wake of the shooting of two National Guard troops. The pause puts on hold a wide range of immigration-related decisions such as green card applications or naturalizations for immigrants from those 19 countries that the Trump administration has described as high-risk. The ban applied to citizens of Afghanistan, Myanmar, Chad, the Republic of Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Haiti, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen while the restricted access applied to people from Burundi, Cuba, Laos, Sierra Leone, Togo, Turkmenistan and Venezuela. The agency cited the shooting of two National Guard troops by a suspect who is an Afghan national as a reason for the pause and heightened scrutiny for people from those countries. “In light of identified concerns and the threat to the American people, USCIS has determined that a comprehensive re-review, potential interview, and re-interview of all aliens from high-risk countries of concern who entered the United States on or after January 20, 2021 is necessary,” the agency said. The agency said in the Tuesday memo that within 90 days it would create a prioritized list of immigrants for review and if necessary, referral to immigration enforcement or other law enforcement agencies. Last week, the director of USCIS said in a social media post that his agency would be reexamining green card applications for people from countries “of concern." But the policy directive Tuesday goes further and lays out in more detail the scope of who will be affected.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/trump-targets-minnesotas-somali-community-harsh-words-policies-128063110
Article: President Donald Trump and his top officials have recently criticized Minnesota's Somali community, drawing attention to immigrants from the war-torn East African country MINNEAPOLIS -- Recent statements by President Donald Trump and top administration officials disparaging Minnesota's large Somali community have focused renewed attention on the immigrants from the war-torn east African country and their descendants. because “they contribute nothing.” The president spoke soon after a person familiar with the planning said federal authorities are preparing a targeted immigration enforcement operation in Minnesota that would primarily focus on Somali immigrants living unlawfully in the U.S. Trump has become increasingly focused in recent weeks on Somalis living in the U.S., saying they “have caused a lot of trouble.” Trump and other administration officials stepped up their criticism after a conservative news outlet, City Journal, claimed that taxpayer dollars from defrauded government programs have flowed to the militant group al-Shabab, an affiliate of al-Qaida that controls parts of rural Somalia and often has targeted the capital, Mogadishu. While Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said in a social media post Monday that his agency is investigating whether “hardworking Minnesotans’ tax dollars may have been diverted to the terrorist organization,” little evidence has emerged so far to prove a link. Tim Walz and Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Frey, have also pushed back against those who might blame the broader Somali community for some recent cases of massive fraud in public programs. The problem first surfaced in 2007, when more than 20 young men went to Somalia, where Ethiopian troops propping up a weak U.N.-backed government were seen by many as foreign invaders.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/james-solomon-elected-jersey-city-mayor-turning-nj-128025124
Article: So I say tonight, an affordable Jersey City starts now.” Solomon, a city council member since 2017, defeated McGreevey in a runoff after they finished first and second in an initial round of voting Nov. “There’s nothing I would change in this campaign,” McGreevey said, adding that he’d walked every block in the small city and visited every one of its churches, mosques and temples while getting to know its people. It was the first time he was running for public office since resigning as governor in 2004 — a stunning announcement remembered mostly for the spectacle of him declaring: “I am a gay American.” McGreevey’s exit was driven in part by controversy over his decision to hire a man he said was his lover, former Israeli naval officer Golan Cipel, as the state’s homeland security adviser in 2002 despite Cipel’s lack of qualifications and inability to obtain necessary security clearances. In his victory remarks, Solomon thanked McGreevey for his candidacy, but on the campaign trail he’d said that the former governor represented the “politics of the past.” “There were just scandal after scandal after scandal,” Solomon said in a recent interview. ”I was like, ‘you know, I think I can do something I can give back to Jersey City, because Jersey City really had my back during my toughest time.’” Solomon said he plans to hire 100 new police officers and supports creating a civilian complaint review board for Jersey City, akin to the police oversight agency in New York City, which would give residents an hand in investigating police misconduct.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/san-francisco-sues-nations-top-food-manufacturers-ultraprocessed-128061288
Article: San Francisco has filed a lawsuit against major food manufacturers like Coca-Cola and Nestle, claiming ultraprocessed foods are causing a public health crisis FILE - Bottles of Coca-Cola products sit on a shelf at a store in Dania Beach, Fla., Oct. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee, File) The city of San Francisco filed a lawsuit against some of the nation's top food manufacturers on Tuesday, arguing that ultraprocessed food from the likes of Coca-Cola and Nestle are responsible for a public health crisis. "These companies engineered a public health crisis, they profited handsomely, and now they need to take responsibility for the harm they have caused.” Ultraprocessed foods include candy, chips, processed meats, sodas, energy drinks, breakfast cereals and other foods that are designed to “stimulate cravings and encourage overconsumption,” Chiu's office said in the release. “Mounting research now links these products to serious diseases—including Type 2 diabetes, fatty liver disease, heart disease, colorectal cancer, and even depression at younger ages," University of California, San Francisco, professor Kim Newell-Green said in the news release.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/chanels-new-showman-stages-ode-nyc-star-packed-128062446
Article: Designer Matthieu Blazy has taken Chanel's fashions underground, with a runway show on a New York City subway platform Chanel's new showman stages an ode to NYC with star-packed runway show on a real subway platform Models walk the runway during the CHANEL 2025/26 Métiers d'art fashion show at Bowery subway station on Tuesday, Dec. (Photo by CJ Rivera/Invision/AP) NEW YORK -- Chanel’s new showman, Matthieu Blazy, took his designs on the road Tuesday — or rather, underground, with a buzzy New York runway show staged on an actual subway platform. And befitting the first Chanel shows in New York since 2018, there were VIPs aplenty: A$AP Rocky, Tilda Swinton, Ayo Edebiri, Rose Byrne, Kristen Stewart, Sofia Coppola, Lupita Nyong’o, Jessie Buckley, Margaret Qualley, Bowen Yang, Jon Bon Jovi and many others. Guests entered via a doorway at 168 Bowery, and at first, it seemed like Chanel had perhaps decorated an event space to resemble a subway station, complete with tiled walls, turnstiles and a newsstand (with its own bespoke newspapers). The show was a marked contrast in vibe with the last Métiers d’Art collection in New York in 2018, when the late designer Karl Lagerfeld took over the Egyptian Temple of Dendur at the Metropolitan Museum of Art for what felt like a mini-Met Gala, with clothes channeling the luxury of Egyptian royalty. Blazy was inspired not by royalty but by ordinary urban commuters, of different ages and types, coming together in a mashup of styles from different eras, from the 1920s onward. It is a place full of wonderful encounters, a clash of pop archetypes.” His models strolled the platform, some checking for arriving trains — feigning annoyance at their lateness — or leaning against a post as they waited. It wasn't one woman." Stewart, like others, had no idea going in what the show’s theme would be, and thought the subway environment felt like “a flurry of fleeting caught moments.” “Like, ‘Where is she going?’ I wanted to go with them,” Stewart said.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/russia-ready-for-war-with-europe-putin-says-before-ukraine-peace-talks.html
Article: and Russia on Tuesday failed to deliver a breakthrough with Russian President Vladimir Putin ahead of discussions doubling down on threats toward Europe, saying Russia was "ready" for war with the continent. President Donald Trump's special envoy Steve Witkoff and son-in-law Jared Kushner had traveled to Moscow for talks with Putin and his closest aides on a draft peace plan aimed at ending the almost four-year war in Ukraine. The talks lasted five hours, Russian presidential aide Yuri Ushakov told reporters after the discussions, saying the meeting focused on a U.S.-drafted peace plan and was "very useful, constructive, and highly informative" but that there was more work to be done. Kremlin Press Office/Anadolu via Getty Images Russia and Ukraine are miles apart when it comes to central elements of a framework peace agreement, with Moscow demanding that Kyiv cede partially-occupied territory in the east of the country to Russia, and disagreeing over Western-backed security guarantees for Ukraine. 'Ready' for war The talks in Moscow came after Putin launched a tirade against Europe, saying its counter peace proposals were "absolutely unacceptable" for Russia, and that the region's leadership had "no peace agenda." "We're not going to war with Europe; I've said that a hundred times. Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks, as he visits the command post of the Russian forces "West" grouping in the course of Russia-Ukraine conflict, in unidentified location, in this still image taken from video released Nov. There are concerns that Trump, who has appeared to have a warmer relationship with Putin than with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at times, could throw his support behind Russia's peace proposals in a bid to end the war sooner rather than later. Eager to appear optimistic over the prospect of peace, Zelenskyy told Irish lawmakers on Tuesday that Ukraine was "closer to peace than ever before" and that there was a "real, real chance" of an agreement after talks with Washington. No hurry for a deal Geopolitical experts say the Kremlin is willing to eke out the peace process for as long as possible, with Russia maintaing that it has the advantage on the battlefield and can extract heavy concessions from Ukraine in the peace process. Michael Froman, president of the Council on Foreign Relations, said it was in Putin's "interest just to keep the process going, to have a long process of diplomatic engagement." watch now "He wants to have a broader conversation about Russia's reintegration with the West and relations with the United States, commercial agreements with the United States, and to make this long and drawn out while he continues to bomb Ukraine's energy infrastructure and makes incremental progress on the ground," he told CNBC's "Squawk Box" Tuesday. "I think it's difficult to get to a point of a deal where a lot of territory has to be given up by the Ukrainians in return for security guarantees that are a bit loose and flimsy, and for the Ukrainians who fought so much over the last several years, that's hard to swallow," he told CNBC's "Squawk Box." watch now

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/clyx179pvgno?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Thames Water running out of time to secure rescue as debt swells 9 minutes ago Share Save Simon Jack , Business editor and Emer Moreau , Business reporter Share Save Getty Images The government has lined up administrators in case Thames Water collapses. A consortium of its main creditors, named London & Valley Water, has submitted plans to pump investment into the utility and write off debts in return for more lenient performance targets. The BBC understands the lender group is hopeful their plan will get agreement in principle before the end of the year but has many critics over the proposed leniency on fines for pollution and spillage.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/sport/formula1/articles/c5yqp9zwjq6o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Verstappen, by contrast, has scored more than 92% of all his team's points this year - team-mate Yuki Tsunoda has been nowhere near him and of no help whatsoever in the Dutchman's title campaign, and has been dropped by Red Bull for next season as a result. Abu Dhabi also has some long corners - especially the hairpin on to the first long straight and the long Turn Nine at the end of the second main straight. But the McLaren is not at its best in the sort of short-duration, 90-degree corners that comprise the final sector around the marina and hotel, or when braking into chicanes.

Link: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cnv258p6mq0o?at_medium=RSS&at_campaign=rss
Article: Mother of Sarah Everard 'still tormented' by murdered daughter's final hours 16 hours ago Share Save Tom McArthur Share Save PA The mother of Sarah Everard says she is still tormented by the horror of her daughter's final moments before she was killed. Her mother, Susan Everard, spoke of her "sadness, rage, panic, guilt and numbness" in a foreword to an inquiry which has issued a raft of recommendations to protect women from violent attacks. The Angiolini Inquiry was launched after Ms Everard's death to investigate how Couzens was able to carry out his crimes, and look at wider issues within policing and women's safety. Sarah's mother spoke powerfully of her grief in a statement to the latest stage of the inquiry: "All the happy, ordinary things of life have been stolen from Sarah and from us – there will be no wedding, no grandchildren, no family celebrations with everyone there. Couzens, who is now serving a whole life term in jail, had been a police officer for almost 20 years and had indecently exposed himself on two occasions in the months leading up to the attack. A third phase of the inquiry will consider the crimes of David Carrick - who also served in the Met's Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command and was handed 36 life sentences in 2023 after being unmasked as a serial rapist.

Link: https://www.npr.org/2025/12/03/nx-s1-5630000/belarus-weather-balloons-lithuania-airport
Article: Belarus weather balloons force repeated closures of Lithuania's main airport toggle caption AP/State Border Guard Service VILNIUS, Lithuania — Tensions between Lithuania and Belarus have escalated after meteorological balloons from Belarus forced Lithuania to repeatedly shut down its main airport in the past weeks, leaving thousands of people stranded. While the balloons are used to smuggle cigarettes into Lithuania, officials in Vilnius see their numbers and trajectories as deliberate acts of disruption orchestrated by Belarus, a close Russian ally, as Europe remains on high alert after drone intrusions into NATO's airspace reached an unprecedented scale in September and the Russian invasion of Ukraine nears its fourth year. Lithuanian authorities said at least 60 balloons were flown from the woods in Belarus, 40 of them reaching areas critical for aviation safety and making it one of the most serious incidents to date. On Monday, Minsk pointed a finger at Lithuania for allegedly sending a drone into the country's airspace, claiming it was to be used for espionage and the delivery of "extremist materials." The Belarusian Foreign Ministry on Monday summoned Lithuania's chargé d'affaires, Erikas Vilkanecas, and demanded an explanation and a probe into the incident. "The Republic of Belarus reserves the right to take all necessary measures to protect its sovereignty and security, based on the current situation," the ministry said in a statement Monday. Those trucks remain in Belarus, although the Lithuanian government gave in to pressure from the national logistics companies and reopened the border less than three weeks after it was shuttered. IT Logika, one of the beneficiaries, plans to develop an Intelligent Airspace Security System (IOEAS) to detect and identify targets at any time of the day, as well as a high-power laser to safely shoot down multiple balloons during the same flight.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/protesters-move-end-lawsuit-immigration-officers-tactics-chicago-128056894
Article: Protesters, journalists and faith leaders who sued over the aggressive tactics of federal immigration agents in the Chicago area are seeking to end their legal challenge Protesters move to end their lawsuit over immigration officers' tactics in the Chicago area FILE - Greg Bovino, the chief patrol agent for the U.S. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley, File) CHICAGO -- A coalition of protesters, journalists and faith leaders moved Tuesday to dismiss their lawsuit challenging the aggressive tactics of federal immigration officers in the Chicago area, arguing that the Trump administration's “Operation Midway Blitz” has largely ended. Border Patrol official Gregory Bovino “are no longer operating in the Northern District of Illinois.” Bovino left the Chicago area last month for North Carolina, but sporadic immigration arrests have continued by other federal agents. The injunction was in response to a lawsuit filed by news outlets and protesters who claimed federal officers used excessive force during an immigration crackdown that has netted more than 3,000 arrests since September across the nation’s third-largest city and its many suburbs. Among other things, Ellis’ order restricted agents from using physical force and chemical agents such as tear gas and pepper balls, unless necessary or to prevent an “an immediate threat.” She said the current practices violated the constitutional rights of journalists and protesters. “Because of the work of many Chicagoans, including the brave plaintiffs in this case, the brutality of Operation Midway Blitz was carefully documented for all to see, the constitutional rights of civilians across the region were vindicated, and the Trump administration’s justifications for its conduct were exposed as blatant lies,” said attorney Steve Art. “Judge Ellis’s powerful opinion stands as the final word in this case, and as a defining document of our time.” A message left Tuesday for the Department of Homeland Security was not immediately returned. The case also precipitated a trove of new details about the immigration operation in the Chicago area, including through private interviews with Bovino, body camera footage and witness testimonies in court. Ellis cited each of these in her opinion, describing agents launching tear gas without warning, aiming rubber rounds at reporters, tackling protesters and laughing as blood oozed from a demonstrator’s ear — scenes that Ellis says were flatly at odds with the government’s own narratives.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/search-resuming-mh370-plane-vanished-11-years-ago-128061986
Article: 30 A search is resuming for the MH370 plane that vanished 11 years ago FILE - Flight officer Rayan Gharazeddine scans the water in the southern Indian Ocean off Australia from a Royal Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion during a search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 on March 22, 2014. (AP Photo/Rob Griffith, File)wld FILE - Flight officer Rayan Gharazeddine scans the water in the southern Indian Ocean off Australia from a Royal Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion during a search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 on March 22, 2014. The Boeing 777 plane disappeared from radar shortly after taking off on March 8, 2014, carrying 239 people, mostly Chinese nationals, on a flight from Malaysia’s capital, Kuala Lumpur, to Beijing. Malaysia's government gave the green light in March for a “no-find, no-fee” contract with Ocean Infinity to resume the seabed search operation at a new 15,000-square-kilometer (5,800-square-mile) site in the ocean.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/justice-department-expands-legal-action-states-refused-demands-128058354
Article: Justice Department is suing six more states in its ongoing campaign to obtain voter data and other election information Justice Department expands legal action against states that have refused its demands for voter data BOSTON -- The Justice Department on Tuesday sued six more states in its ongoing campaign to obtain detailed voter data and other election information. It has portrayed the litigation as part of an effort to ensure the security of elections, but Democratic officials have raised concerns over how the data will be used and whether the department will follow privacy laws in protecting it. “States that continue to defy federal voting laws interfere with our mission of ensuring that Americans have accurate voter lists as they go to the polls, that every vote counts equally, and that all voters have confidence in election results." The department has requested the voter data from at least 26 states, according to an Associated Press tally. The New Mexico Secretary of State's office said it already provided the Justice Department with voter data that is publicly available, but said it's legally prevented from turning over “personal private voter information,” office spokesperson Alex Curtas said in a statement. Rhode Island Attorney General Attorney Peter Neronha said his office was aware of the lawsuit and called it the “latest example of the weaponization of the Department of Justice to further the Trump administration’s unlawful whims.” “We stand with and will defend the secretary, and win, because lawsuits concerning lawful conduct are largely unsuccessful,” Neronha said. "But I’m not surprised that this administration is confused about what it means to behave lawfully.” The Justice Department’s actions come alongside Trump's push to investigate the 2020 election, which he lost to Democrat Joe Biden, and influence the 2026 midterms.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/missing-malaysian-airlines-flight-mh370-search-resumes-128065113
Article: More than a decade after Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 vanished, the mystery remains unsolved What to know about missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370 as search resumes KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia -- More than a decade ago, Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 vanished without a trace, sparking one of aviation’s most baffling mysteries. The pilot’s last radio call to Kuala Lumpur — “Good night, Malaysian Three Seven Zero”— was the final communication before the plane crossed into Vietnamese airspace and failed to check in with controllers there. Military radar showed the jet turn back over the Andaman Sea, and satellite data suggested it continued flying for hours, possibly until fuel exhaustion, before crashing into a remote section of the southern Indian Ocean. The Indian Ocean is the world’s third largest, and the search was conducted in a difficult area, where searchers encountered bad weather and average depths of around 4 kilometers (2.5 miles). Malaysia’s government gave the green light in March for another “no-find, no-fee” contract with Ocean Infinity to resume the seabed search operation at a new 15,000-square-kilometer (5,800-square-mile) site in the ocean.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/hong-kong-leader-fire-investigation-uncover-truth-promises-128058936
Article: Hong Kong is setting up an independent committee to investigate a deadly fire that burned seven apartment buildings and killed at least 156 people A man holding flowers arrive at the site of a deadly fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, on Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) A man holding flowers arrive at the site of a deadly fire at Wang Fuk Court, a residential estate in the Tai Po district of Hong Kong's New Territories, on Tuesday, Dec. (AP Photo/Ng Han Guan) HONG KONG -- Hong Kong will set up an independent committee headed by a judge to determine the cause of a deadly high-rise fire that shocked the city and to recommend changes to prevent a future tragedy, its leader said Tuesday. “We must uncover the truth, ensure that justice is served, let the deceased rest in peace and provide comfort to the living,” Lee told reporters at a weekly press conference. “We want to ensure that we will prevent such a tragedy from happening again.” The fire started last Wednesday around scaffolding on a building at the Wang Fuk Court complex and spread to seven of its eight towers. “Everyone, every Hong Kong citizen, every person affected by this accident, all of them want to know the truth of this fire,” said May Liang, who was out to lunch with her husband when the fire started. At least 15 people have been arrested by anti-corruption investigators and police, including scaffolding contractors, company directors and an engineering consultant, as authorities investigate suspected corruption and negligence in a renovation project at the housing complex. Lee said only that “I will not tolerate any crimes, particularly crimes that exploit the tragedy that we are facing now.” John Burns, an honorary professor of politics and public administration at the University of Hong Kong, said the investigation results will likely be credible as the government seeks to reassure the public. “Transparency is crucial for restoring trust.” Lee said 2,500 residents of the towers have been moved into transitional housing units, some in government housing and others in hostels and hotels.

Link: https://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/wireStory/movie-review-holiday-movies-moms-deserve-fun-128059044
Article: Fun” is a movie that does very little with its setup and terrific cast (including the likes of Danielle Brooks, Joan Chen, Maude Apatow, Rose Abdoo and Eva Longoria in almost cameo-sized roles) opting instead for the most generic version of itself. The movie, streaming Wednesday on Prime Video, begins with a kind of “low point” (for a beautiful, well-off, stay-at-home Texas mom, that is) in which she tells some children in a neighboring car at a gas station to be nicer to their exhausted mother in the front seat. She wishes the mother a Merry Christmas, gives the kids a piercing look and then we get the dreaded freeze-frame/record scratch and a voiceover about being entitled to a little outburst around the holidays and a half-hearted rant about how many holiday movies are about men. Channing (Jones) is the oldest and is married to Doug (Jason Schwartzman) who really wants her younger sister Taylor (Moretz) to think he’s cool although Taylor, a serial monogamist who always brings a new woman home for the holidays, is just mean to him. Showalter attempts to turn this road trip into a kind of “Planes, Trains and Automobiles” journey, even having her share a dingy motel room with Brooks, playing a suspiciously contented delivery driver (a little on the nose for an Amazon movie). There must be a kind of director’s jail for such restrained use of a performer like Schwartzman (as Claire’s son-in-law), or using Chen as a one-joke “perfect” neighbor with her all-white and silver Christmas decorations. Jennifer Lawrence’s feral barking in “Die My Love,” Rose Byrne’s waking nightmare in “If I Had Legs I’d Kick You,” Jessie Buckley’s primal agony in “Hamnet.” Even Teyana Taylor’s postpartum apathy in “One Battle After Another” could fit.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/iphone-17-will-drive-record-apple-shipments-in-2025-idc.html
Article: Apple will hit a record level of iPhone shipments this year driven by its latest models and a resurgence in its key market of China, research firm IDC has forecast. Apple's predicted surge is "thanks to the phenomenal success of its latest iPhone 17 series," Nabila Popal, senior research director at IDC, said in a statement, adding that in China, "massive demand for iPhone 17 has significantly accelerated Apple's performance." Shipments are a term used by analysts to refer to the number of devices sent by a vendor to its sales channels like e-commerce partners or stores. When it launched in September, investors saw the iPhone 17 series as a key set of devices for Apple, which was facing increased competition in China and questions about its artificial intelligence strategy, as Android rivals were powering on. Apple's shipments are expected to jump 17% year-on-year in China in the fourth quarter, IDC said, leading the research firm to forecast 3% growth in the market this year versus a previous projection of a 1% decline. Bloomberg reported last month that Apple could delay the release of the base model of its next device, the iPhone 18, until 2027, which would break its regular cycle of releasing all of its phones in fall each year.

Link: https://www.cnbc.com/2025/12/03/india-russia-putin-meeting-tariffs-new-delhi-moscow-trade.html
Article: The visit indicates that India wants to "maintain its relations with Russia, especially at a time when it sees the United States as unreliable and China as hostile," said Ian Bremmer, president and founder of political risk consultancy firm Eurasia Group. While this visit was planned before U.S.-India ties soured, it signifies that "New Delhi is not beholden to the whims of the Trump administration and that it maintains an independent foreign policy," said Chietigj Bajpaee, senior research fellow for South Asia in the Asia-Pacific Programme at Chatham House. Kremlin said last week that Putin's visit was of "great importance" with the Russian president and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi set to discuss the "scope of Russia-India special and privileged strategic partnership in politics, trade and economy," among other issues. Expanding trade will be the major focus of the summit, which could help India achieve a more balanced bilateral trade with Russia, said Aleksei Zakharov, visiting fellow at Indian think tank Observer Research Foundation. Trade disparity In fiscal year ended March 2025, trade between India and Russia stood at $68.72 billion, heavily skewed in favor of Russia, according to data government-backed India Brand Equity Foundation. India could ramp up its shipments of machinery, chemicals, food and pharmaceutical products to Russia, while Moscow is pitching its technological solutions for civilian nuclear energy, including building small modular reactors in India, said Zakharov. "New Delhi and Moscow are seeking to compensate for India's reduced purchases of Russian oil by diversifying their trade relationship to other areas, including defense and civil nuclear cooperation," said Bajpaee of Chatham House. "India and Russia will talk about weapons, but Russia can barely deliver on the S-400 already on order because of chip shortages," said Bremmer of Eurasia Group, adding that "India is not interested in the su-57 fighter." Between 2020 and 2024, Russia was the largest supplier of arms to India with 36% share, followed by France at 33% and Israel at 13%, according to data from Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. to cut back on its imports of Russian oil as Washington claims this enables Moscow to withstanding pressure of economic sanctions by the West and continue its war against Ukraine. New Delhi has said that its oil imports are based on the "objective of ensuring energy security of 1.4 billion people of India." In its bid to mend ties with the U.S., New Delhi has ramped up energy purchases from Washington with Indian state-owned oil companies signing a 1-year deal to import around 2.2 million tonnes per annum of liquefied petroleum gas from the U.S.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/search-resumes-to-solve-mystery-of-missing-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh370?traffic_source=rss
Article: Efforts to solve one of the world’s greatest aviation mysteries will resume later this month when the search continues for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, the country’s Ministry of Transport said. The aircraft, a Boeing 777, was carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew when it vanished from radars shortly after takeoff on March 8, 2014 from Malaysia’s capital Kuala Lumpur en route to Beijing, China. The ministry said the renewed search effort “underscores the Government of Malaysia’s commitment to providing closure to the families affected by the tragedy”, according to the official Bernama news agency. Flight investigators said in a 495-page report into the disappearance that they did not know why the plane had vanished and refused to rule out the possibility that someone other than the pilots had diverted the jet from its scheduled route. Satellite data showed the plane diverted from its flight path and headed south, to the far-southern Indian Ocean, where it is believed to have run out of fuel and crashed. Initially, an Australia-led search operation scoured 120,000sq km (46,300sq miles) of ocean over three years, but only some pieces of possible debris were found along the coastlines in East African and Indian Ocean countries, including Mozambique, Madagascar and Reunion Island. Advertisement The most recent search for MH370 wrapped up in early April due to bad weather after several weeks of fruitless underwater reconnaissance by the maritime exploration company Ocean Infinity. Malaysia’s government agreed in March to a “no-find, no-fee” contract with the United Kingdom and United States-based Ocean Infinity to resume a seabed search operation at a new 15,000sq km (5,800sq miles) site in the Indian Ocean, The Associated Press news agency reported. Relatives of the passengers and crew have lobbied for years for the hunt to continue and have demanded compensation from Malaysia Airlines, Boeing, aircraft engine maker Rolls-Royce, and the Allianz insurance group, among others.

Link: https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2025/12/3/opium-poppy-farming-hits-10-year-high-in-war-torn?traffic_source=rss
Article: In its latest Myanmar opium survey, the UN Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) found that poppy cultivation increased by 17 percent compared with the previous year, a jump from 45,200 hectares (about 111,700 acres) to 53,100 hectares (about 131,200 acres) of land growing the illicit crop. “This major expansion in cultivation shows the extent to which the opium economy has re-established itself over the past years – and points to potential further growth in the future,” said Delphine Schantz, UNODC’s representative for Southeast Asia and the Pacific. Read the full report here: https://t.co/OQ9ensS8Vo pic.twitter.com/vTptwukxT2 — UNODC Southeast Asia-Pacific (@UNODC_SEAP) December 3, 2025 While the area of land under poppy cultivation in Myanmar increased sizably between 2024 and 2025, the amount of opium produced per hectare of poppy has not kept pace, according to the UNODC. The discrepancy between cultivation and production of opium was due to the country’s growing instability, the UNODC said, where “intensifying conflict and insecurity” have made it increasingly difficult for farmers to maintain their crops and produce high yields of opium. Advertisement A key factor in the surge in poppy farming in Myanmar is the growing price of opium, which has more than doubled since 2019, when 1kg of fresh opium cost $145. The UNODC report also notes “emerging signs” of heroin flowing from Myanmar to international markets that were previously supplied by narcotics originating in Afghanistan, warning of global demand increasing for opiates originating in the Southeast Asia region due to “heroin supply shortages from Afghanistan”. According to the European Union’s Drugs Agency (EUDA), some 60kg (132lbs) of heroin believed to have been manufactured in and around Myanmar was seized from commercial airline passengers travelling to the EU from Thailand in 2024 and early 2025.
